We are looking for a trustworthy, focused, communicative team member to help us grow our engineering team. This position will be responsible for developing high end software products working in agile teams on behalf of our clients. Lofty is a consultancy that builds data heavy applications for customers in the Engineering, Agriculture, and Energy industries.If you like an exciting remote... workplace with passionate client-success-focused doers who deliver quality work to help our clients succeed, then this is the job for you.About LoftyLofty is a client services consultancy that creates custom software applications that operationalize emerging technology like AI, Machine Learning, and Data Science. Our vision is to be leaders in bringing domain knowledge to life through software, enabling experts to empower their colleagues to do bigger and better things.We are a growth company focused on producing world-class functional software for the advancement of the world through tools that matter. We focus our areas of practice on Architecture, Engineering, Construction, Agriculture, Energy, Renewables, and Electric Vehicles. This has allowed us to build a team of experts who can provide invaluable support to our portfolio of clients.Life @ LoftyRemote Team - Our brilliant team of engineers and operations support staff is spread across several states. We believe people get their best work done from where they want to work. That can be our nice new office in downtown Fayetteville Arkansas, a code shed in your backyard, or the back of your RV in a national park. If you can show up for meetings and get your work done, we dont worry about where youre working from (but we will ask for pics if its really cool).Client Services - We talk about this A LOT. We work with amazing clients in really exciting industries. Theyre the boss. Our entire organization is composed around the reality that we must excel at meeting and exceeding customer expectations. Anyone can build software, we help our clients and partners build the right software.Minor Travel - We understand how valuable your time is. We promise we wont abuse it. There will be a minimal amount of all-hands, client on-sites, and conferences we attend each year, and well make sure to have them planned well in advance. Plus, theyll be fun.Schedule - Take your dog for a walk over lunch, get that dental follow up scheduled, make time for school drop off. We all have rhythm and pacing to our lives, if youre producing great work, supporting your teammates, making all meetings and engagements, and getting your hours in, you won't hear any complaints from us.Compensation - Lofty offers competitive compensation and benefits, including matching retirement, sponsored medical, work from home stipends, and generous time off.Qualifications A Lofty Developer finds fulfillment in solving complicated problems Experience with building and maintaining Django applications Works collaboratively to ensure the best solution is achieved Pursues their own education, supported by Lofty, to continue to sharpen their skills Looks for the next way to contribute to any project they are a part of Has informed opinions they hold lightly Yields their preferences to build the right solution Is excited to discover and fulfill the needs of our clients Understands that the right solution requires bringing their expertise to the collaborative relationship with our customersThis is the stuff we love to use: Python, Django, Django Rest Framework PostgreSQL, Elasticsearch Vue.js (Web apps) React Native (Mobile apps) Docker, Kubernetes, Rancher, Amazon Web ServicesWork From HomeProduction roles for Product Owners, Software Engineers, and Product Owners are fully remote anywhere in the US. Local staff enjoy remote flexibility as well.Generous PTO3 weeks of fully unplugged PTO is standard for all new hires. We have two weeks of sick leave and flexible schedules, so Lofty encourages employees to use all of their PTO as real downtime.Flexible SchedulesWe all have rhythm and pacing to our lives, if youre producing great work, supporting your teammates, making all meetings and engagements, you won't hear any complaints from us.Retirement SavingsLofty offers matching contributions to a company sponsored SIMPLE IRA plan. We match contributions dollar for dollar up to 3% of your salary.Fully Sponsored Health InsuranceWe cover 100% of medical benefits for our employees as well as significant subsidies for spouses and dependents.WFH StipendOrder that extra monitor and boost your internet speed! All remote employees enjoy a $150 monthly Work From Home stipend to outfit their home office.Fitness ReimbursementLofty reimburses employees for qualifying fitness programs and membershipsFloating HolidaysChoose two extra holidays per year that fit your lifestyle or beliefs, in addition to our standard US holiday schedule A Lofty Developer finds fulfillment in solving complicated problems Experience with building and maintaining Django applications Works collaboratively to ensure the best solution is achieved Yields their preferences to build the right solution Is excited to discover and fulfill the needs of our clients Understands that the right solution requires bringing their expertise to the collaborative relationship with our customers Python, Django, Django Rest Framework React Native (Mobile apps) This position will be responsible for developing high end software products working in agile teams on behalf of our clients Pursues their own education, supported by Lofty, to continue to sharpen their skills Compensation - Lofty offers competitive compensation and benefits, including matching retirement, sponsored medical, work from home stipends, and generous time off Local staff enjoy remote flexibility as well Generous PTO 3 weeks of fully unplugged PTO is standard for all new hires We have two weeks of sick leave and flexible schedules, so Lofty encourages employees to use all of their PTO as real downtime Retirement Savings Lofty offers matching contributions to a company sponsored SIMPLE IRA plan We match contributions dollar for dollar up to 3% of your salary Fully Sponsored Health Insurance We cover 100% of medical benefits for our employees as well as significant subsidies for spouses and dependents WFH Stipend Order that extra monitor and boost your internet speed! All remote employees enjoy a $150 monthly Work From Home stipend to outfit their home office Lofty reimburses employees for qualifying fitness programs and memberships Choose two extra holidays per year that fit your lifestyle or beliefs, in addition to our standard US holiday schedule 