Our team builds developer productivity tools to enable Netflixs machine learning teams. Were looking for a passionate and talented engineer to join our team of engineers, SREs, and ML researchers.As part of the team, you will design, build, and maintain tools that are used by our machine learning researchers daily. You will be part of a larger research organization that is responsible for... Netflixs core applied machine learning, which powers our recommendations, personalization, and search algorithms (and many other areas). You will work closely alongside our ML researchers to identify frictions, and to design and build solutions to them.To be successful in this role, you must have a strong software engineering background, a keen sense of software design, and experience operating large CI and build systems (experience with Bazel is especially a plus).If you are ready to make a difference at a company that matters, and if you want to work with machine learning, and developer tools, in a company that strongly believes in both, then we would love to talk to you.Requirements: 5+ years of software engineering experience with a successful track record of delivering quality results Strong software design and development skills (Scala, Java, C#, or C++). Experience with large-scale data frameworks such as Spark, Hadoop, etc. Experience with parallel and distributed computing BS in Computer Science or related fieldPreferred, but not required: Experience operating and customizing Bazel, or similar distributed build systems (such as Buck, Pants, etc). Significant contributions to open source projects Experience with machine learning frameworks, such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, etcAt Netflix, we carefully consider a wide range of compensation factors to determine your personal top of market. We rely on market indicators to determine compensation and consider your specific job, skills, and experience to get it right. These considerations can cause your compensation to vary and will also be dependent on your location.The overall market range for roles in this area of Netflix is typically $100,000 - $700,000.This market range is based on total compensation (vs. only base salary), which is in line with our compensation philosophy. Netflix is a unique culture and environment. Learn more here If you are ready to make a difference at a company that matters, and if you want to work with machine learning, and developer tools, in a company that strongly believes in both, then we would love to talk to you 5+ years of software engineering experience with a successful track record of delivering quality results Strong software design and development skills (Scala, Java, C#, or C++) Experience with large-scale data frameworks such as Spark, Hadoop, etc Experience with parallel and distributed computing BS in Computer Science or related field As part of the team, you will design, build, and maintain tools that are used by our machine learning researchers daily You will work closely alongside our ML researchers to identify frictions, and to design and build solutions to them We rely on market indicators to determine compensation and consider your specific job, skills, and experience to get it right The overall market range for roles in this area of Netflix is typically $100,000 - $700,000 