ABOUT OnXonX is a pioneer in digital outdoor navigation. With offices in Missoula and Bozeman, Montana, we are inspired by the landscapes that surround us. We bring our outdoor passion to work every day with a singular goalto awaken the adventurer in everyone. We do this by engineering industry-leading technology, and by crafting dynamic outdoor experiences...Through multiple years of growth, we havent lost our entrepreneurial ethos at onX. We offer a fast-paced, tech-forward environment where ownership and accountability are essential.WE ARE LOOKING FORonX is seeking a Principal Software Engineer with a passion for outdoor mapping and data processing at scale. As an onX Principal Software Engineer, you will manage and improve the data processing platform with multiple ETL pipelines to store the most accurate data for our customers to discover, save, and plan their trips online and offline. As a Principal Engineer within onXs Data Automation team, you will play a central role that is responsible for our data platform by providing validated high-quality datasets that are a single source of truth across the organization. Your focus will be on enabling our team of engineers and geospatial analysts to bring the most recent, comprehensive, and accurate data to our customers to enable them to solve complex problems relating to location-based Mapping, Places, and Routing features. This is a great opportunity to be a part of a dynamic growing company focused on making an impact on the business, specifically our geospatial data platform. This position will report to the VP of Engineering.LOCATIONMontana or remote from select locations. onXs corporate offices are located in Missoula and Bozeman, Montana. This position can be performed near a corporate office or remotely from one of onXs Basecamps, which are emerging locations where our fully remote onXers cluster for work and adventure. onXs current Basecamps are located within a 120-mile radius of the following: Austin, TX; Denver, CO; Minneapolis, MN; Portland, OR; Salt Lake City, UT; and Seattle, WA.Software Engineering applicants outside of these locations will be considered on an individual basis, except for AK, HI, IL, MA, NY, ND, OH, WY, and Washington DC. For more information, please contact recruitment@onXmaps.com.Additionally, being authorized to work in the U.S. is a precondition of employment. We do not sponsor work visas (of any kind ) for this position at this time.Responsibilities(Essential Job Duties) Design, implement, and improve massive data processing platforms and future strategies. Own and extend the businesss data pipeline through the collection, storage, processing, and transformation of large data sets. Manage technical aspects of the software development flow and ensure the technical quality of the teams projects. Lead architecture, implementation, and operations of platforms and tools for securing, processing, and querying data at scale. Provide technical leadership to design and develop batch and real-time data platforms to create highly reliable data products. Research and pioneer the adoption and use of new technologies. Collaborate across multiple engineering teams providing technical leadership and direction to ensure engineering strategies and designs meet customer, business, and company requirements. Facilitate completion of projects through technical review and approval of engineering designs, especially those that are of high risk or new technology. Oversee high-impact, complex, urgent, or otherwise critical issues and drive the required cross-department collaboration and execution to ensure success. Lead the development of new and novel engineering methods, technologies, and strategies in accordance with business plans. Own and extend the businesss data pipeline and processing platform through the collection, storage, processing, and transformation of large data sets. Write unit, integration, and acceptance tests. Assist in the creation, deployment, and management of services in Kubernetes. Collaborate with engineers on your team and other cross-functional teams. Work closely with downstream feature teams to understand and ensure their data needs with optimal development experience.Required Qualifications This position requires a minimum of 15 years of Software Development experience with a Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related; or 12 years and a Masters degree; or a PhD with 8 years experience; or equivalent experience. You have five (5) or more years of technical leadership experience, where you lead and collaborated with internal cross-functional teams and effectively communicated with executive leadership. You have proven experience leading the design/implementation of configuration-driven, scalable, and reliable services and workflows/pipelines using Google Cloud (GCP) or other cloud services. You have previously designed and built complex, highly scalable, and reliable data pipelines, using the Big Data ecosystem (Hadoop/Hive/Spark/Presto/Airflow/Kinesis or equivalents). You have deep experience in applying automation to data engineering (DataOps). You are passionate about data, analytics, and distributed systems. You are an advocate for the customer and their experience. You want to work with other happy, talented engineers. You want to mentor early- and senior-level engineers. You write great code. You get stuff done. You take ownership.Preferred Qualifications Strong geospatial knowledge preferred. Experience with PostGIS. Have worked in a cloud environment such as AWS, GCP, or Azure. Basic understanding of Kubernetes, containers, and infrastructure as code.PHYSICAL WORKING CONDITIONSThe following physical requirements represent those that are required to successfully perform the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Sitting - [90%] Standing - [0%] Walking - [10%] Bending - [Occasionally] Kneeling - [Some] Lifting - [Up to 25 pounds] Reaching - [Regularly] Telephone Use - [Yes] Computer Use/Manual Dexterity - Yes Ability to travel - Depends on location, otherwise not anticipated; remote employees typically travel to Montana twice per year.What We Are Offering You Competitive salaries, annual bonuses, equity, and opportunities for growth Comprehensive health benefits including a no-monthly-cost medical plan Parental leave plan of four or six weeks fully paid 401k matching at 100% for the first 3% you save and 50% from 3-5% Company-wide outdoor adventures and amazing outdoor industry perks Annual Get Out, Get Active funds to fuel your active lifestyle in and outside of the gym Flexible time away package that includes PTO, STO, VTO, quiet weeks, and floating holidaysOnX COMPANY VALUESOur principles guide the decisions making of our company. They define the culture at onX, what we have learned through experience, and are the code by which we operate. They are fundamental, enduring, and actionablea benchmark by which we measure the team behavior and performance.We put the customer first.We are passionate.We win as a team.We take ownership.We work with urgency.We are curious and seek the truth.We innovate & take risks.Important Note : To make sure that our emails always come straight to your inbox, we encourage you to take a moment and designate ClearCompany as a safe sender. All system emails are sent from @clearcompany.com or @email.clrco.com.Position open until filledAt onX, we believe that diversity makes us better. Bringing together a diverse set of backgrounds, ideas, and opinions helps us to achieve our mission to awaken the adventurer in everyone. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. onX is committed to equal opportunity not only in our hiring practices but also in our employment practices, including but not limited to development, compensation, and promotion. We strive to build an inclusive work community where everyone can be their authentic self, and together, we win as a team. Come join us!onX is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for individuals in our job application process. If you need assistance or an accommodation, please contact us at recruitment@onxmaps.com This position requires a minimum of 15 years of Software Development experience with a Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related; or 12 years and a Masters degree; or a PhD with 8 years experience; or equivalent experience You have five (5) or more years of technical leadership experience, where you lead and collaborated with internal cross-functional teams and effectively communicated with executive leadership You have proven experience leading the design/implementation of configuration-driven, scalable, and reliable services and workflows/pipelines using Google Cloud (GCP) or other cloud services You have previously designed and built complex, highly scalable, and reliable data pipelines, using the Big Data ecosystem (Hadoop/Hive/Spark/Presto/Airflow/Kinesis or equivalents) You have deep experience in applying automation to data engineering (DataOps) You are passionate about data, analytics, and distributed systems You are an advocate for the customer and their experience You want to work with other happy, talented engineers You want to mentor early- and senior-level engineers You write great code You get stuff done You take ownership Sitting - [90%] Standing - [0%] Walking - [10%] Bending - [Occasionally] Kneeling - [Some] Lifting - [Up to 25 pounds] Reaching - [Regularly] Telephone Use - [Yes] Computer Use/Manual Dexterity - Yes Ability to travel - Depends on location, otherwise not anticipated; remote employees typically travel to Montana twice per year As an onX Principal Software Engineer, you will manage and improve the data processing platform with multiple ETL pipelines to store the most accurate data for our customers to discover, save, and plan their trips online and offline As a Principal Engineer within onXs Data Automation team, you will play a central role that is responsible for our data platform by providing validated high-quality datasets that are a single source of truth across the organization Your focus will be on enabling our team of engineers and geospatial analysts to bring the most recent, comprehensive, and accurate data to our customers to enable them to solve complex problems relating to location-based Mapping, Places, and Routing features Design, implement, and improve massive data processing platforms and future strategies Manage technical aspects of the software development flow and ensure the technical quality of the teams projects Lead architecture, implementation, and operations of platforms and tools for securing, processing, and querying data at scale Provide technical leadership to design and develop batch and real-time data platforms to create highly reliable data products Research and pioneer the adoption and use of new technologies Collaborate across multiple engineering teams providing technical leadership and direction to ensure engineering strategies and designs meet customer, business, and company requirements Facilitate completion of projects through technical review and approval of engineering designs, especially those that are of high risk or new technology Oversee high-impact, complex, urgent, or otherwise critical issues and drive the required cross-department collaboration and execution to ensure success Lead the development of new and novel engineering methods, technologies, and strategies in accordance with business plans Own and extend the businesss data pipeline and processing platform through the collection, storage, processing, and transformation of large data sets Write unit, integration, and acceptance tests Assist in the creation, deployment, and management of services in Kubernetes Collaborate with engineers on your team and other cross-functional teams Work closely with downstream feature teams to understand and ensure their data needs with optimal development experience Competitive salaries, annual bonuses, equity, and opportunities for growth Comprehensive health benefits including a no-monthly-cost medical plan Parental leave plan of four or six weeks fully paid 401k matching at 100% for the first 3% you save and 50% from 3-5% Company-wide outdoor adventures and amazing outdoor industry perks Annual Get Out, Get Active funds to fuel your active lifestyle in and outside of the gym Flexible time away package that includes PTO, STO, VTO, quiet weeks, and floating holidays 