This is a role that we hire on an ongoing basis throughout the year. If you choose to apply for this role, your information will be reviewed by our recruiting team and we will reach out to you if your background matches an opening at this time or in the future.About Databook...Databook is the worlds first AI-powered enterprise customer intelligence platform. Dubbed Moneyball for Sales, Databook was founded in 2017 to give enterprise sales representatives and go-to-market teams a differentiating advantage. Today, leading enterprise companies rely on Databook to help their teams engage as experts  improving the buying experience for customers and accelerating revenue acquisition. Our customers include Microsoft, Salesforce, Databricks, and more. We are a Series B company backed by Bessemer Ventures, DFJ Growth, M12 - Microsofts Venture fund, Salesforce Ventures and Threshold Ventures. We are a customer-focused, innovative, and collaborative learning organization. We are headquartered in Palo Alto, CA with a distributed team working across the globe.About our Technology TeamThe Engineering team at Databook brings together collaborative and technically passionate individuals to deliver innovative customer intelligence solutions that drive real value for our clients. Led by past Google and Salesforce engineers, this group offers an opportunity to explore all aspects of the engineering lifecycle, to be close to the client, and to make a real difference. We give our engineers a lot of autonomy to own and solve complex, novel problems - from system design to natural language processing (NLP) and machine learning (ML). The Engineering team offers a place where engineers can collect an abundance of experience and practice their leadership skills; all in a hyper-growth context.The OpportunityWere hiring Senior Backend Engineers to lead the development and maintenance of Databooks core platform. Youll work with our exceptional engineers to build breakthrough features for our customers while keeping our platform stable and scalable. If youre excited about building the next generation customer intelligence platform, with a keen eye towards quality, then this is the role for you!Specifically, you'll be in charge of: Owning the full engineering lifecycle of important capabilities within the Databook platform, including designing, prototyping, building and maintaining scalable and performant distributed systems. Collaborating with (i) our machine learning teams to incorporate our ML assets into the core platform, and (ii) our front-end teams to ensure that we deliver powerful abstractions to our client platforms. Engaging with colleagues across the organization to understand requirements and ensure that our technology meets those requirements in practice. Hiring new engineers and mentoring other engineers in the team.About You 5+ years of hands-on professional experience developing backend systems, services and practical APIs Expertise in backend development using Javascript, with 3+ years of demonstrable experience developing production level applications using Node.js. Solid understanding of asynchronous programming principles using modern JavaScript (e.g. Promises, async/await, RxJS) Solid experience interfacing and integrating with all kinds of SQL (Postgres) and NoSQL (MongoDB, Redis) databasesIdeal candidates will also have: Experience in large scale distributed system designs including best practices around gRPC, event based architectures and micro-services. Experience with or interest in Machine Learning, and more specifically in NLP/NLG Expertise in implementing CRM integration with Salesforce (Apex, LWC) or Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Applications (.net, C#)Join us and enjoy these perks! Competitive salary with bonus Equity Medical, Dental and Vision care contributions 401k Retirement Plan 4 weeks vacation plus holidays Employee referral bonus program $500 learning stipend to spend on books, courses or other training materials that help you develop skills relevant to your role or professional development Complimentary subscription to Masterclass Budget for home office equipmentDatabook provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, pregnancy, military and veteran status, age, physical and mental disability, genetic characteristics, or any other considerations made unlawful by applicable state or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layo, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Databook expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, sex, national origin, pregnancy, military and veteran status, age, physical and mental disability, or genetic characteristics. We will consider remote work for candidates in Arizona, California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and Washington. Remote work requires periodic travel to our headquarters in Mountain View, CA every 2-3 months.Databook focuses on Enterprise Software, Sales and Marketing, Artificial Intelligence, and Sales Enablement. Their company has offices in Palo Alto. They have a mid-size team that's between 51-200 employees.You can view their website at http://www.trydatabook.com or find them on Twitter and LinkedIn 5+ years of hands-on professional experience developing backend systems, services and practical APIs Expertise in backend development using Javascript, with 3+ years of demonstrable experience developing production level applications using Node.js Solid understanding of asynchronous programming principles using modern JavaScript (e.g. Promises, async/await, RxJS) Solid experience interfacing and integrating with all kinds of SQL (Postgres) and NoSQL (MongoDB, Redis) databases Experience in large scale distributed system designs including best practices around gRPC, event based architectures and micro-services Experience with or interest in Machine Learning, and more specifically in NLP/NLG Expertise in implementing CRM integration with Salesforce (Apex, LWC) or Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Applications (.net, C#) Youll work with our exceptional engineers to build breakthrough features for our customers while keeping our platform stable and scalable Owning the full engineering lifecycle of important capabilities within the Databook platform, including designing, prototyping, building and maintaining scalable and performant distributed systems Collaborating with (i) our machine learning teams to incorporate our ML assets into the core platform, and (ii) our front-end teams to ensure that we deliver powerful abstractions to our client platforms Engaging with colleagues across the organization to understand requirements and ensure that our technology meets those requirements in practice Hiring new engineers and mentoring other engineers in the team Competitive salary with bonus Equity Medical, Dental and Vision care contributions 401k Retirement Plan 4 weeks vacation plus holidays Employee referral bonus program $500 learning stipend to spend on books, courses or other training materials that help you develop skills relevant to your role or professional development Complimentary subscription to Masterclass Budget for home office equipment 