Company OverviewTeraRecon is a leader in advanced visualization and artificial intelligence solutions, our flagship product, Intuition, is the market share leader for radiology and cardiology advanced visualization. TeraRecon was also named the 2020 & 2021 KLAS category leader for advanced visualization and #1 in market share for radiology 3D solutions. We are committed to redefining advanced... visualization by leveraging machine learning and improving radiology workflow through personalized automation that increases efficiency. TeraRecon is a privately held global company with its world headquarters in Durham, NC, and major offices in Tokyo, Japan; Frankfurt, Germany; Acton, MA; and Fremont, CA. While our employees are located worldwide, we work as one company, functionally aligned and goal driven. TeraRecons transparency and collaborative work environment foster an energetic and inviting family-like culture.TeraRecons growth is due in large part to our highly sophisticated products and services. By offering some of the most advanced user-friendly healthcare solutions fueled with our innovative AI technology, we can continue our growth by commercializing relevant products that exceed our customers expectations. TeraRecon will continue its dedication to the development of clinically relevant and outcome-focused healthcare solutions utilizing skilled and innovative thinkers and doers who can build and execute using tools and processes for optimal product delivery.Role SummaryWe are seeking a Software Engineer to design and develop medical imaging and visualization applications with a strong interest to develop user-friendly workflows in partnership with clinical subject matter experts and radiologists. Other responsibilities include documentation and unit testing and working closely with parts of the organization responsible for product requirements as well as validation and system testing. The ideal candidate is a team player, highly motivated self-starter, detailed-oriented with demonstrated ownership, accountability, and commitment to high quality deliverables.The location of the position is flexible within the United States and Canada, with the ability to work remotely from home or from one of our offices in Fremont, CA, Acton, MA or Durham NC.Required Qualifications Bachelors degree or higher in computer science, computer engineering or related field. At least 3 years of experience in C# .NET, ASP.NET Core MVC, or windows applications development using WinForms/WPF. Experience with one or more front end development frameworks like Angular or React. Experience working with cloud-based applications and knowledge of cloud infrastructure such as Amazon web services or Microsoft Azure. Experience with Restful APIs using .NET Core. Experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases. Solid understanding of object-oriented design and programming concepts. Experience with web development and debugging tools. Experience working within Agile / Scrum based development processes. Experience developing and deploying medical applications in a medical enterprise environment is a plus.Desired Qualifications Experience developing 2D/3D image processing algorithms such as 3D image transformations and 2D image segmentation. Knowledge of DICOM, HL7, and other related medical imaging standards and protocols. 3D programming experience (geometry, volumetric and surface rendering using WebGL). 2D Imaging experience. Back-end web development experience. Experience working within Agile / Scrum based development processes. Experience with version control systems such as Git or SVN.Salary: Salary/Depending on qualifications and experience.Benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, LTD, STD, Section 125, and 401K with company match.Learn More About TeraReconServing 1,300 clinical sites globally, TeraRecon - a ConcertAI company - is a Best in KLAS solution provider for AI-empowered radiology, oncology, cardiology, neurology, and vascular surgery. Awarded the 2020 & 2021 KLAS Category Leader for Advanced Visualization, TeraRecon solutions are independent of any one manufacturers imaging equipment or PACS system, allowing a single, unified, and simplified clinical workflow that can improve efficiencies and deliver actionable physician-guided insights. In the future, the combination with ConcertAI could bring a single, advanced AI-augmented diagnosis and interpretation capability from clinical trials to patient care. Join us on our quest to create a world free of disease. Learn more about TeraRecon at www.terarecon.com , or follow us on LinkedIn.EEOTeraRecon is an equal opportunity employer and a Federal subcontractor. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability or veteran status. For more information, please refer to the EEO is the Law poster The ideal candidate is a team player, highly motivated self-starter, detailed-oriented with demonstrated ownership, accountability, and commitment to high quality deliverables Bachelors degree or higher in computer science, computer engineering or related field At least 3 years of experience in C# .NET, ASP NET Core MVC, or windows applications development using WinForms/WPF Experience with one or more front end development frameworks like Angular or React Experience working with cloud-based applications and knowledge of cloud infrastructure such as Amazon web services or Microsoft Azure Experience with Restful APIs using .NET Core Experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases Solid understanding of object-oriented design and programming concepts Experience with web development and debugging tools Experience working within Agile / Scrum based development processes We are seeking a Software Engineer to design and develop medical imaging and visualization applications with a strong interest to develop user-friendly workflows in partnership with clinical subject matter experts and radiologists Other responsibilities include documentation and unit testing and working closely with parts of the organization responsible for product requirements as well as validation and system testing Salary: Salary/Depending on qualifications and experience Benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, LTD, STD, Section 125, and 401K with company match 