Were looking for a Senior Software Engineer that is ready to get their hands dirty and make an immediate impact in shaping the way our clients work. You will play a key role in everything from expanding and improving our current flagship product to building out additional products, micro-services, analytics platform functionality, and 3rd party integrations.FloQast is a SaaS based company... innovating solutions in the task management software and accounting space. We believe that our fresh approach to the accounting close process represents a massive opportunity to dramatically improve the day to day lives of accountants and their teams. Our software helps save countless hours, days, and in some cases weeks of their time while also empowering them to achieve the highest degree of transparency, accuracy, and control of their process.FloQast is headquartered in Los Angeles, CA and we are seeking US Based REMOTE Engineers. Visa sponsorship is NOT available at this timeWhat You'll Do: Hands-on development. Your day will consist of about 60% development, code reviews, and design. Our engineers care about reviews and code quality while iterating quickly. Work with the team to take features from conception to release. You will be responsible for asking the right questions, considering the deeper layers of architecture, and working with others to help our end users as a team. Ability to balance best practices with pragmatic problem-solving. Youve had experience with a wide range of software design patterns and know when and when not to use them. You like to think about interesting problems and share it freely with your team to solve problems together. Communication at all levels. Whether youre talking to a first-year developer or the CTO or to sales, you know how to adjust the conversation to be open and communicative to any person in the company. You believe strongly in listening first as a key tenet to communication.What You'll Bring: 5+ years of experience with web technologies in a professional environment Deep understanding of JavaScript Proficient to expert working knowledge of Node/Express, MongoDB, React/Redux, AWS, or other equivalent technologies. Ideally has worked in more than one stack and has a large breadth of working knowledge Someone that can think in patterns and quickly evaluate and make decisions regarding frameworks, platforms, API's, and other additional technologies Recognizes the importance of the team in their success and lifts the skills and expertise of those around them Holds code to a high standard and demonstrates craftsmanship in every project they take on#BI-Remote#LI-Remote#LI-JR1This role is for a Senior Software Engineer, and the base pay range for this position is $150,000- $210,000. Compensation is not limited to base salary. FloQast values our Total Rewards, and offers a competitive and elaborate Benefits Package including, but not limited to, Medical, Dental, Vision, Family Forming benefits, Life & Disability Insurance, Unlimited Vacation, and participation in our Employee Stock Program. FloQast reserves the right to amend, change, alter, and revise pay ranges and benefits offerings at any time. All applicants acknowledge that by applying to this position you understand that this specific pay range is contingent upon meeting the qualifications and requirements of the role, and for the successful completion of the interview selection and process. It is at the Company's discretion to determine what pay is provided to a candidate within the range associated with the role.About FloQast www.floqast.comRecognized as a 2021 Technology Fast 500 by Deloitte, FloQast is the leader in accounting workflow automation created by accountants for accountants. The cloud-based, AI-enhanced software is trusted by more than 1,500 accounting teams, including those at Snowflake, Twilio, Instacart, Zoom, and The Golden State Warriors. In July 2021, FloQast raised a $110 million Series D at a $1.2 billion valuation  and were growing!What We DoBy automating common accounting workflows and helping to streamline and make them more efficient, FloQast is the place where accounting teams want to work so they can focus on what matters most, even when thats just logging off on time. Whether automating reconciliations, documentation requests, or streamlining recurring accounting processes, such as the month-end close, financial reporting, or payroll, FloQast enhances the way accounting teams already work to help them operate more efficiently. Learn more at FloQast.com.Heres Why You Should Apply- What is engineering working on? Our FQ Engineering Blog showcases a number of our recent efforts straight from the engineers working on them. Check it out!- When we say our customers success is our priority, were not lying. Check us out on G2 Crowd and read a few of the 275+ 5-star reviews!- Why do 95% of reviewers on Glassdoor say they would refer FloQast as an employer to a friend? Maintaining a collaborative, open, and fun company culture regardless of where FloQasters are located can be tricky, but were up to the task. Check out what actual FloQast employees have to say on Glassdoor.- FloQast offers competitive compensation, stock options, full benefits, and a positive and supportive work environment- FloQast is regularly rated as one of the best places to work:- Inc. Magazines Best Workplaces in 2021- Best Places to Work by LA Business Journal since 2017- Built Ins Best Place to Work in Los Angeles since 2018FloQast, Inc is committed to operating fair and unbiased recruitment procedures allowing all applicants an equal opportunity for employment, free from discrimination on the basis of religion, race, sex, age, sexual orientation, disability, color, ethnic or national origin, or any other classification as may be protected by applicable law. We aim to recruit the right people for the jobs we have to offer, and to assess applications on the basis of relevant skills, education, and experience. We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives. We are an equal opportunity employer and strive to provide a professional and welcoming workplace for all employees Youve had experience with a wide range of software design patterns and know when and when not to use them You like to think about interesting problems and share it freely with your team to solve problems together Communication at all levels Whether youre talking to a first-year developer or the CTO or to sales, you know how to adjust the conversation to be open and communicative to any person in the company 5+ years of experience with web technologies in a professional environment Deep understanding of JavaScript Proficient to expert working knowledge of Node/Express, MongoDB, React/Redux, AWS, or other equivalent technologies Ideally has worked in more than one stack and has a large breadth of working knowledge Someone that can think in patterns and quickly evaluate and make decisions regarding frameworks, platforms, API's, and other additional technologies Recognizes the importance of the team in their success and lifts the skills and expertise of those around them You will play a key role in everything from expanding and improving our current flagship product to building out additional products, micro-services, analytics platform functionality, and 3rd party integrations Hands-on development Your day will consist of about 60% development, code reviews, and design Our engineers care about reviews and code quality while iterating quickly Work with the team to take features from conception to release You will be responsible for asking the right questions, considering the deeper layers of architecture, and working with others to help our end users as a team Ability to balance best practices with pragmatic problem-solving Holds code to a high standard and demonstrates craftsmanship in every project they take on Whether automating reconciliations, documentation requests, or streamlining recurring accounting processes, such as the month-end close, financial reporting, or payroll, FloQast enhances the way accounting teams already work to help them operate more efficiently This role is for a Senior Software Engineer, and the base pay range for this position is $150,000- $210,000 Compensation is not limited to base salary FloQast values our Total Rewards, and offers a competitive and elaborate Benefits Package including, but not limited to, Medical, Dental, Vision, Family Forming benefits, Life & Disability Insurance, Unlimited Vacation, and participation in our Employee Stock Program FloQast reserves the right to amend, change, alter, and revise pay ranges and benefits offerings at any time 