At Kensho, we hire talented people and give them the autonomy, support, and resources needed to build cutting edge technology and products. We produce a suite of AI-powered solutions that solves the challenges of the largest, most successful businesses and institutions, helping them make sense out of a world full of messy data.Kenshos Link team develops the software that delivers Kenshos AI... capabilities to our customers. Our teams are small, product-focused, and intent on shipping high-quality code that best leverages our efforts. Were collegial, humble, and inquisitive, and we delight in learning from teammates with backgrounds, skills, and interests different from our own.As a Senior Backend Engineer in the Link team, you will develop the software behind our reliable, secure, and performant APIs. You will collaborate with colleagues from Machine Learning, Product, and Infrastructure, as well as with other engineers within Link. You have a demonstrated capacity for depth, but are comfortable working with a broad range of technologies. You are a thoughtful, deliberate technologist and share your knowledge generously.Kensho states that the anticipated base salary range for the position is 150k-225k. In addition, this role is eligible for an annual incentive bonus and equity plans. At Kensho, it is not typical for an individual to be hired at or near the top of the range for their role and compensation decisions are dependent on the facts and circumstances of each case.What Youll Do: Design, develop, test, document, deploy, maintain, and improve software. Manage individual project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables. Work with key stakeholders to develop system architectures, API specifications, implementation requirements, and complexity estimates. Test assumptions through instrumentation and prototyping. Promote ongoing technical development through code reviews, knowledge sharing, and mentorship.What You'll Need: At least five years of direct experience developing SaaS applications within a team. Thoughtful and efficient communication skills (both verbal and written). Experience developing SaaS application backends and APIs using a variety of tools. Experience turning abstract business requirements into concrete technical plans. Experience working across many stages of the software development lifecycle. Sound reasoning about the behavior and performance of loosely-coupled systems. Proficiency with algorithms (including time and space complexity analysis), data structures, and software architecture. At least one domain of demonstrable technical depth.Technology You'll Encounter: Django, Python 3, PostgreSQL Git, Jsonnet, Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes Celery, RabbitMQ, KafkaNice To Have: Experience working with geographically distributed teams.At Kensho, we pride ourselves on providing top-of-market benefits, including:- Medical, Dental, and Vision insurance- 100% company paid premiums- Unlimited Paid Time Off- 26 weeks of 100% paid Parental Leave (paternity and maternity)- 401(k) plan with 6% employer matching- Generous company matching on donations to non-profit charities- Up to $20,000 tuition assistance toward degree programs, plus up to $4,000/year for ongoing professional education such as industry conferences- Plentiful snacks, drinks, and regularly catered lunches- Dog-friendly office (CAM office)- In-office gyms and showers (CAM, DC)- Bike sharing program memberships- Compassion leave and elder care leave- Mentoring and additional learning opportunities- Opportunity to expand professional network and participate in conferences and eventsAbout KenshoKensho is an Artificial Intelligence company that builds solutions to uncover insights in messy and unstructured data that enable critical workflows and empower businesses to make decisions with conviction.Kensho was founded in 2013 and was acquired by S&P Global in 2018. Kensho continues to operate as a startup in order to maintain our distinct, independent brand and to promote our breakthrough, innovative culture. Our team of Kenshins enjoy a dynamic and collaborative work environment that runs autonomously from S&P Global, while leveraging the unparalleled breadth and depth of data and resources available as part of S&P Global. As Kenshins, we pride ourselves on maintaining an innovative culture that depends on diversity and inclusion.We are an equal opportunity employer that welcomes future Kenshins with all experiences and perspectives. Kensho is headquartered in Cambridge, MA, with offices in New York City, and Washington D.C. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin You have a demonstrated capacity for depth, but are comfortable working with a broad range of technologies At least five years of direct experience developing SaaS applications within a team Thoughtful and efficient communication skills (both verbal and written) Experience developing SaaS application backends and APIs using a variety of tools Experience turning abstract business requirements into concrete technical plans Experience working across many stages of the software development lifecycle Sound reasoning about the behavior and performance of loosely-coupled systems Proficiency with algorithms (including time and space complexity analysis), data structures, and software architecture At least one domain of demonstrable technical depth Django, Python 3, PostgreSQL Git, Jsonnet, Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes Celery, RabbitMQ, Kafka Experience working with geographically distributed teams You will collaborate with colleagues from Machine Learning, Product, and Infrastructure, as well as with other engineers within Link Design, develop, test, document, deploy, maintain, and improve software Manage individual project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables Work with key stakeholders to develop system architectures, API specifications, implementation requirements, and complexity estimates Test assumptions through instrumentation and prototyping Promote ongoing technical development through code reviews, knowledge sharing, and mentorship In addition, this role is eligible for an annual incentive bonus and equity plans Medical, Dental, and Vision insurance 100% company paid premiums Unlimited Paid Time Off 26 weeks of 100% paid Parental Leave (paternity and maternity) 401(k) plan with 6% employer matching Generous company matching on donations to non-profit charities Up to $20,000 tuition assistance toward degree programs, plus up to $4,000/year for ongoing professional education such as industry conferences Plentiful snacks, drinks, and regularly catered lunches Dog-friendly office (CAM office) In-office gyms and showers (CAM, DC) Bike sharing program memberships Compassion leave and elder care leave Mentoring and additional learning opportunities Opportunity to expand professional network and participate in conferences and events 