Position Summary...What you'll do...Position SummaryWe are responsible for the development of Walmart's strategic Luminate product line to revolutionize the retail industry. Harnessing the power of data science, we at Walmart Luminate build Mobile applications & the backend technology that enable brands to have access to rich customer insights to fuel smarter decision making to better serve customers. Our team builds highly scalable, cloud-native platforms & applications with resiliency at its core. Our platform has very diverse capabilities - from highly optimized real time algorithms to integrations with data foundation systems. Our tech stack is React Native, React.js, Angular, .Net C# microservices, Kafka, SQL, CosmosDB, Azure, CI/CD pipelines and much more.What you'll doAs a Software Engineer II, you'll spend your days supporting clients and engineering teams, writing code, collaborating with cross-functional teams and providing us with the insights necessary to think... beyond the status quo. You'll facilitate and own communication paths between teams and departments. Assist in a support escalation path, gathering necessary information for reproducing issues to troubleshoot. Provides support to the business by responding to user questions, concerns, and issues; researching and identifying needed solutions; providing guidance regarding implications of new features and enhanced systems; identifying short and long term solutions; and directing users to appropriate contacts for issues outside of associate's domain. Executing under supervision small to large-sized complex projects by reviewing project requirements; translating requirements into technical solutions; researching and identifying alternative solutions; determining needed solution based on return on investment and value add to the business; gathering requested information (for example, design documents, product requirements, wire frames); writing and developing code; conducting unit testing; communicating status and issues to team members and stakeholders; collaborating with project team and cross functional teams; identifying areas of opportunity; interpreting information and identifying a solution; ensuring solution is sustainable across implementation and use; troubleshooting open issues and bug-fixes; and ensuring on-time delivery and hand-offs. Troubleshoots business and production issues by gathering information (for example, issue, impact, criticality, possible root cause); performing root cause analysis to reduce future issues; engaging teams to assist in the resolution of issues; driving the development of an action plan; performing actions as designated in the plan; interpreting the results to determine further action; and completing online documentation. Models compliance with company policies and procedures and supports company mission, values, and standards of ethics and integrity by incorporating these into the development and implementation of business plans; using the Open Door Policy; and demonstrating and assisting others with how to apply these in executing business processes and practices.Who You AreYou have and can implement big ideas with a positive attitude. You want to be a part of the team to disrupt this industry and you have these main skills: A background in IT Support or Customer Service. An understanding of application development using .Net technologies (C#). Exposure to automation testing in SDLC. Experience working with JIRA, Oracle Service Cloud, and Service Now tools. Knowledge and understanding of Frontend frameworks, JavaScript, and TypeScript is a plus. A constant desire to improve, learn more and take things to the next level and a passion for adopting the latest features in the technologies that we leverage. You are customer-focused, and you understand the principles of working in a retail industry. You have a passion for improving the quality of products and how to optimize your customers' experiences. You have a technical mindset with great attention to detail. You understand how to use modern development methodologies.Qualifications 3 years' experience in IT support, software development, or related area Experience interacting with your customers to understand end user issues. Demonstrated experience in using Agile methodologies. Effective communication skills, both written and verbalPreferred Qualifications Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field. Experience working with teams across multiple locations. Distributed office working experience with a US headquarters. Technical abilities with strong customer, organizational and analytical skillsThe above information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed in the role. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. The full Job Description can be made available as part of the hiring process.About Walmart Global TechImagine working where one line of code can make life easier for hundreds of millions of people. That's what we do at Walmart Global Tech. We're a team of software engineers, data scientists, cybersecurity experts and service professionals within the world's leading retailer who make epic impact and are leading the next retail disruption. People are why we innovate, and people power our innovations.Benefits & Perks:Beyond competitive pay, you can receive incentive awards for your performance. Other great perks include 401(k) match, stock purchase plan, paid maternity and parental leave, PTO, multiple health plans, and much more.We're Primarily VirtualWe use a hybrid way of working that is primarily virtual, while remaining near the locations Global Tech calls home. This approach has helped us make quicker decisions, remove location barriers across our global team, be more flexible in our personal lives and spend less time commuting. Of course, being together in person is an important part of our culture and shared success. We use our campuses to collaborate and be together in person, as business needs require and for development and networking opportunities. Most of our team will make this permanent transition to our hybrid way of working as our new normal. Our U.S. hubs are: Bentonville AR; Dallas, TX; Sunnyvale, CA; Hoboken, NJ; Carlsbad, CA; Charlotte, NC; Portland, OR; Reston, VA; and Seattle, WAWho We AreJoin Walmart and your work could help approximately 220 global customers live better every week. Yes, we are the Fortune #1 company. But you'll quickly find we're a company who wants you to feel comfortable bringing your whole self to work. Our mission spreads far beyond the walls of our stores. Here at the world's leading retailer, you can make career defining accomplishments, learn new skills, gain experience from virtually every industry, and leverage your expertise to innovate at scale, impact millions and reimagine the future of retail. Discover why we are a world leader in technology, diversity and inclusion, sustainability, and community involvement. careers.walmart.com.Equal Opportunity EmployerWalmart, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer - By Choice. We believe we are best equipped to help our associates, customers, and the communities we serve live better when we really know them. That means understanding, respecting, and valuing diversity- unique styles, experiences, identities, ideas, and opinions - while being inclusive of all people.Minimum Qualifications...Outlined below are the required minimum qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no minimum qualifications.Option 1: Bachelor's degree in computer science, computer engineering, computer information systems, software engineering, or related area.Option 2: 3 years' experience in software engineering or related area.Preferred Qualifications...Outlined below are the optional preferred qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no preferred qualifications.Certification in Security+, Network+, GISF, or GSECPrimary Location...608 SW 8TH ST, BENTONVILLE, AR 72712-6207, United States of America Position Summary...What you'll do...Position SummaryWe are responsible for the development of Walmart's strategic Luminate product line to revolutionize the retail industry. Harnessing the power of data science, we at Walmart Luminate build Mobile applications & the backend technology that enable brands to have access to rich customer insights to fuel smarter decision making to better serve customers. Our team builds highly scalable, cloud-native platforms & applications with resiliency at its core. Our platform has very diverse capabilities - from highly optimized real time algorithms to integrations with data foundation systems. Our tech stack is React Native, React.js, Angular, .Net C# microservices, Kafka, SQL, CosmosDB, Azure, CI/CD pipelines and much more.What you'll doAs a Software Engineer II, you'll spend your days supporting clients and engineering teams, writing code, collaborating with cross-functional teams and providing us with the insights necessary to think... beyond the status quo. You'll facilitate and own communication paths between teams and departments. Assist in a support escalation path, gathering necessary information for reproducing issues to troubleshoot. Provides support to the business by responding to user questions, concerns, and issues; researching and identifying needed solutions; providing guidance regarding implications of new features and enhanced systems; identifying short and long term solutions; and directing users to appropriate contacts for issues outside of associate's domain. Executing under supervision small to large-sized complex projects by reviewing project requirements; translating requirements into technical solutions; researching and identifying alternative solutions; determining needed solution based on return on investment and value add to the business; gathering requested information (for example, design documents, product requirements, wire frames); writing and developing code; conducting unit testing; communicating status and issues to team members and stakeholders; collaborating with project team and cross functional teams; identifying areas of opportunity; interpreting information and identifying a solution; ensuring solution is sustainable across implementation and use; troubleshooting open issues and bug-fixes; and ensuring on-time delivery and hand-offs. Troubleshoots business and production issues by gathering information (for example, issue, impact, criticality, possible root cause); performing root cause analysis to reduce future issues; engaging teams to assist in the resolution of issues; driving the development of an action plan; performing actions as designated in the plan; interpreting the results to determine further action; and completing online documentation. Models compliance with company policies and procedures and supports company mission, values, and standards of ethics and integrity by incorporating these into the development and implementation of business plans; using the Open Door Policy; and demonstrating and assisting others with how to apply these in executing business processes and practices.Who You AreYou have and can implement big ideas with a positive attitude. You want to be a part of the team to disrupt this industry and you have these main skills: A background in IT Support or Customer Service. An understanding of application development using .Net technologies (C#). Exposure to automation testing in SDLC. Experience working with JIRA, Oracle Service Cloud, and Service Now tools. Knowledge and understanding of Frontend frameworks, JavaScript, and TypeScript is a plus. A constant desire to improve, learn more and take things to the next level and a passion for adopting the latest features in the technologies that we leverage. You are customer-focused, and you understand the principles of working in a retail industry. You have a passion for improving the quality of products and how to optimize your customers' experiences. You have a technical mindset with great attention to detail. You understand how to use modern development methodologies.Qualifications 3 years' experience in IT support, software development, or related area Experience interacting with your customers to understand end user issues. Demonstrated experience in using Agile methodologies. Effective communication skills, both written and verbalPreferred Qualifications Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field. Experience working with teams across multiple locations. Distributed office working experience with a US headquarters. Technical abilities with strong customer, organizational and analytical skillsThe above information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed in the role. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. The full Job Description can be made available as part of the hiring process.About Walmart Global TechImagine working where one line of code can make life easier for hundreds of millions of people. That's what we do at Walmart Global Tech. We're a team of software engineers, data scientists, cybersecurity experts and service professionals within the world's leading retailer who make epic impact and are leading the next retail disruption. People are why we innovate, and people power our innovations.Benefits & Perks:Beyond competitive pay, you can receive incentive awards for your performance. Other great perks include 401(k) match, stock purchase plan, paid maternity and parental leave, PTO, multiple health plans, and much more.We're Primarily VirtualWe use a hybrid way of working that is primarily virtual, while remaining near the locations Global Tech calls home. This approach has helped us make quicker decisions, remove location barriers across our global team, be more flexible in our personal lives and spend less time commuting. Of course, being together in person is an important part of our culture and shared success. We use our campuses to collaborate and be together in person, as business needs require and for development and networking opportunities. Most of our team will make this permanent transition to our hybrid way of working as our new normal. Our U.S. hubs are: Bentonville AR; Dallas, TX; Sunnyvale, CA; Hoboken, NJ; Carlsbad, CA; Charlotte, NC; Portland, OR; Reston, VA; and Seattle, WAWho We AreJoin Walmart and your work could help approximately 220 global customers live better every week. Yes, we are the Fortune #1 company. But you'll quickly find we're a company who wants you to feel comfortable bringing your whole self to work. Our mission spreads far beyond the walls of our stores. Here at the world's leading retailer, you can make career defining accomplishments, learn new skills, gain experience from virtually every industry, and leverage your expertise to innovate at scale, impact millions and reimagine the future of retail. Discover why we are a world leader in technology, diversity and inclusion, sustainability, and community involvement. careers.walmart.com.Equal Opportunity EmployerWalmart, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer - By Choice. We believe we are best equipped to help our associates, customers, and the communities we serve live better when we really know them. That means understanding, respecting, and valuing diversity- unique styles, experiences, identities, ideas, and opinions - while being inclusive of all people.Minimum Qualifications...Outlined below are the required minimum qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no minimum qualifications.Option 1: Bachelor's degree in computer science, computer engineering, computer information systems, software engineering, or related area.Option 2: 3 years' experience in software engineering or related area.Preferred Qualifications...Outlined below are the optional preferred qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no preferred qualifications.Certification in Security+, Network+, GISF, or GSECPrimary Location...608 SW 8TH ST, BENTONVILLE, AR 72712-6207, United States of America 