At Sonos we want to create the ultimate listening experience for our customers and know that it starts by listening to each other. As part of the Sonos team, youll collaborate with people of all styles, skill sets, and backgrounds to realize our vision while fostering a community where everyone feels included and empowered to do the best work of their lives.At Sonos, we're deeply passionate... about brilliant sound. People want to hear, see, and feel the Sonos sound experience  providing that epic first experience is what our team is all about. As part of our diverse, cross-functional team, youll be deeply involved in designing and delivering epic Sonos retail demos that are experienced by our customers world-wide.What Youll DoAs a Senior Software Engineer, youre a well-rounded software professional with a mixture of software, hardware, architecture, multimedia, and device-control experience. Youre passionate and motivated about bringing new products to market and collaborating in cross-team situations. You appreciate the diversity of our global markets and are capable of working with partners world-wide.What Youll NeedResearch shows that candidates from underrepresented backgrounds often don't apply for roles if they don't meet all the criteria. If you dont have 100% of the skills listed, we strongly encourage you to apply if interested.Basic Qualifications BS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or Electrical Engineering with 6+ years of professional experience developing software that interfaces with hardware. Experience developing software in C or similar language. Proficiency in Linux/UNIX and familiarity with command line operations. Familiarity with USB Device protocols and experience developing/debugging software that communicates over USB. Experience with embedded systems, their design, constraints, and how to write software that interfaces with embedded devices.Preferred Qualifications A good understanding of data transports and device interoperability standards including USB, UPnP, DLNA, Matter, DNS, REST. Hands-on, interdisciplinary experience with electrical systems, electronics, or mechanical design in either a professional capacity or a hobby setting (a maker mentality) Demonstrated success leading software development projects with internal and external partners from around the world Ability to understand complex system relationships and cause-and-effect within integrated systems Full-stack development experience is a strong plus. (Our team also covers UI development, multimedia experiences, operations-focused web dashboards, and remote machine telemetry.) Experience developing unit tests into your software and exercising them in a CI/CD process. Experience working in an Agile development environment. Collaborative spirit, a strong sense of drive and ownership, and willingness to work in a supportive and fast-paced environment. You can be located anywhere as long as you have the flexibility of regularly interacting with other team members in the Eastern US time zone. We are a small, distributed team with members worldwide with Boston as our teams hub.We consider a wide range of factors when determining compensation, which may cause compensation to vary depending on your skills, experience and qualifications. This job is also eligible for discretionary bonuses as well as an opportunity to become a Sonos shareholder because all full time employees are eligible for stock grants. The minimum base pay may be modified in the future based on changing market conditions. The starting minimum base pay for this role is:$152,000We offer a comprehensive package of benefits including open time off, medical/dental/vision insurance, 401(k), and other benefits subject to eligibility requirements.Note: No amount of pay is considered to be wages or compensation until such amount is earned, vested, and determinable. The amount and availability of any bonus, benefits, or any other form of compensation and benefits that are allocable to a particular employee remains in the Company's sole discretion unless and until paid and may be modified at the Companys sole discretion, consistent with the law.Your profile will be reviewed and you'll hear from us once we have an update. At Sonos we take the time to hire right and appreciate your patience.Notice to U.S. Job Applicants: Sonos is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics.Follow the links to review the EEO is the Law poster and its supplement. The pay transparency policy is available here. Sonos is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations@sonos.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information BS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or Electrical Engineering with 6+ years of professional experience developing software that interfaces with hardware Experience developing software in C or similar language Proficiency in Linux/UNIX and familiarity with command line operations Familiarity with USB Device protocols and experience developing/debugging software that communicates over USB Experience with embedded systems, their design, constraints, and how to write software that interfaces with embedded devices Experience developing unit tests into your software and exercising them in a CI/CD process Experience working in an Agile development environment Collaborative spirit, a strong sense of drive and ownership, and willingness to work in a supportive and fast-paced environment This job is also eligible for discretionary bonuses as well as an opportunity to become a Sonos shareholder because all full time employees are eligible for stock grants We offer a comprehensive package of benefits including open time off, medical/dental/vision insurance, 401(k), and other benefits subject to eligibility requirements The amount and availability of any bonus, benefits, or any other form of compensation and benefits that are allocable to a particular employee remains in the Company's sole discretion unless and until paid and may be modified at the Companys sole discretion, consistent with the law 