Position Summary...What you'll do...About Team:Our team collaborates with Walmart International, which has over 5,900 retail units operating outside of the United States under 55 banners in 26 countries including Africa, Argentina, Canada, Central America, Chile, China, India, Japan, and Mexico, to name a few.What you'll do:Leads and directs in large-scale, complex, cross-functional projects by reviewing project requirements, translating requirements into technical solutions. Directs root cause analysis of critical business and production issues by reviewing and analyzing information (for example, issue, impact, criticality, possible root cause); directing actions as designated in the plan. Promotes and supports company policies, procedures, mission, values, and standards of ethics and integrity by training and providing direction to others in their use and application; ensuring compliance with them; and utilizing and supporting the Open-Door Policy.What you'll bring:We are looking for someone that has experience in building distributed systems. Specifically having expertise in Java technologies and SQL/NOSQL Databases. You have and can implement big ideas with a positive attitude. You want to be a part of the team to disrupt this industry and you have these main skills: Extensive understanding and experience in building Distributed systems and Micro-Services Expert level knowledge and understanding of Java Technologies, SQL(AzureSQL)/NOSQL(Cosmos, Cassandra) Databases, Distributed Caching, Kafka and Container Technologies Ability to build products with focus on automation A disciplined approach to development, code review, testing, documentation, and code structure in a team environment. A constant desire to improve, learn more and take things to the next level and a passion for adopting the latest features in Kubernetes, Java, and Spring Boot.Youll really wow us if Your ability to rise above group think and see beyond the here and now is matched only by your intellectual curiosity. You come to the table with a comprehensive knowledge of Cloud as well as Agile methodologies. You consider yourself to be a student of the world who thrives in an ever-changing environment that holds within it new challenges and chances to prove your expertise. You level up when you have the opportunity to teach others and empower those around you to excel.Youll make an impact by Effectively translating requirements into project parameters while working with agility. Helping cross-functional teams to solve for business problems and develop solutions that enable us to redefine a best-in-class customer experience. Encouraging the project teams that you oversee to work collaboratively and to aim for insight-driven outcomes.Preferred Skill Set : Knowledge of technologies used in building scalable, distributed systems in virtualized cloud environments. Ability to design for fault tolerance and high availability. Solid devops skills in troubleshooting live applications, assessing performance bottlenecks of applications. Develop high performance and scalable solutions that extract, transform, and load big dataAbout Walmart Global TechImagine working in an environment where one line of code can make life easier for hundreds of millions of people and put a smile on their face. Thats what we do at Walmart Global Tech. Were a team of 15,000+ software engineers, data scientists and service professionals within Walmart, the worlds largest retailer, delivering innovations that improve how our customers shop and empower our 2.3 million associates. To others, innovation looks like an app, service, or some code, but Walmart has always been about people. People are why we innovate, and people power our innovations. Being human-led is our true disruption. We train our team in the skillsets of the future and bring in experts like you to help us grow. We have roles for those chasing their first opportunity as well as those looking for the opportunity that will define their career. Here, you can kickstart a great career in tech, gain new skills and experience for virtually every industry, or leverage your expertise to innovate at scale, impact millions and reimagine the future of retail.Flexible, hybrid workWe use a hybrid way of working that is primarily virtual, while remaining near the locations Global Tech calls home. This approach helps us make quicker decisions, remove location barriers across our global team, be more flexible in our personal lives and spend less time commuting. Of course, being together in person is an important part of our culture and shared success. We use our campuses to collaborate and be together in person, as business needs require and for development and networking opportunities.Benefits:Beyond our great compensation package, you can receive incentive awards for your performance. Other great perks include 401(k) match, stock purchase plan, paid maternity and parental leave, PTO, multiple health plans, and much more.Equal Opportunity Employer:Walmart, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer  By Choice. We believe we are best equipped to help our associates, customers and the communities we serve live better when we really know them. That means understanding, respecting and valuing diversity- unique styles, experiences, identities, ideas and opinions  while being inclusive of all people.The above information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed in the role. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. The full Job Description can be made available as part of the hiring process.Minimum Qualifications...Outlined below are the required minimum qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no minimum qualifications.Option 1: Bachelor's degree in computer science, computer engineering, computer information systems, software engineering, or related area and 3 years experience in software engineering or related area.Option 2: 5 years experience in software engineering or related area.Preferred Qualifications...Outlined below are the optional preferred qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no preferred qualifications.Masters degree in Computer Science or related field and 2 years' experience in software engineering or related fieldPrimary Location...805 SE MOBERLY LN, BENTONVILLE, AR 72712, United States of America We are looking for someone that has experience in building distributed systems Specifically having expertise in Java technologies and SQL/NOSQL Databases You have and can implement big ideas with a positive attitude You want to be a part of the team to disrupt this industry and you have these main skills: Extensive understanding and experience in building Distributed systems and Micro-Services Expert level knowledge and understanding of Java Technologies, SQL(AzureSQL)/NOSQL(Cosmos, Cassandra) Databases, Distributed Caching, Kafka and Container Technologies Ability to build products with focus on automation A disciplined approach to development, code review, testing, documentation, and code structure in a team environment A constant desire to improve, learn more and take things to the next level and a passion for adopting the latest features in Kubernetes, Java, and Spring Boot Your ability to rise above group think and see beyond the here and now is matched only by your intellectual curiosity You come to the table with a comprehensive knowledge of Cloud as well as Agile methodologies You consider yourself to be a student of the world who thrives in an ever-changing environment that holds within it new challenges and chances to prove your expertise Option 1: Bachelor's degree in computer science, computer engineering, computer information systems, software engineering, or related area and 3 years experience in software engineering or related area Option 2: 5 years experience in software engineering or related area Masters degree in Computer Science or related field and 2 years' experience in software engineering or related field Leads and directs in large-scale, complex, cross-functional projects by reviewing project requirements, translating requirements into technical solutions Directs root cause analysis of critical business and production issues by reviewing and analyzing information (for example, issue, impact, criticality, possible root cause); directing actions as designated in the plan Promotes and supports company policies, procedures, mission, values, and standards of ethics and integrity by training and providing direction to others in their use and application; ensuring compliance with them; and utilizing and supporting the Open-Door Policy Effectively translating requirements into project parameters while working with agility Helping cross-functional teams to solve for business problems and develop solutions that enable us to redefine a best-in-class customer experience Encouraging the project teams that you oversee to work collaboratively and to aim for insight-driven outcomes Beyond our great compensation package, you can receive incentive awards for your performance Other great perks include 401(k) match, stock purchase plan, paid maternity and parental leave, PTO, multiple health plans, and much more 