Precisely is the leader in data integrity. We empower businesses to make more confident decisions based on trusted data through a unique combination of software, data enrichment products and strategic services. What does this mean to you? For starters, it means joining a company focused on delivering outstanding innovation and support that helps customers increase revenue, lower costs and reduce... risk. In fact, Precisely powers better decisions for more than 12,000 global organizations, including 99 of the Fortune 100. Precisely's 2500 employees are unified by four company core values that are central to who we are and how we operate: Openness, Determination, Individuality, and Collaboration. We are committed to career development for our employees and offer opportunities for growth, learning and building community. With a "work from anywhere" culture, we celebrate diversity in a distributed environment with a presence in 30 countries as well as 20 offices in over 5 continents. Learn more about why it's an exciting time to join Precisely!Intro And Job OverviewYoull be working in EngageOne line of business helping to bring exciting emerging technologies together into an enterprise-class cohesive solution set for our clients. Youll be engaged both in maintaining the existing mature foundation products and developing new solutions. We are looking for an experienced candidate who will participate in raising the technical skills of the team, especially in the field of test automation, and will want to cooperate and share the knowledge as a team player.Responsibilities And Duties Design, develop and maintain test automation that ensures thorough feature and/or product testing. Provide guidance for automation framework. Execute all levels of testing (functional, integration, system and regression). Create, maintain, review, and execute test cases, test plans. Detect, log, track, and retest product defects. Work closely with other QAs to expand best practices and knowledge. Actively participate in Agile scrum process. Ensure the reliability of CI/CD process.Requirements And Qualifications Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Information Technology or similar field. At least 3 years experience in functional, system, regression testing software. 3 or more years designing and developing UI automation. Proficient in JAVA programming language. Experience in creating and maintaining RESTful API automated tests or/and frameworks. Experience with Selenium, MAVEN, Test NG. Experience with tools: IntelliJ, Eclipse, JIRA, qTest, Zephyr. Excellent communication skills (written and verbal). Experience in performance testing. Basic knowledge of SQL, Oracle, Postgres. Good knowledge of CI/CD tools (i.e. Jenkins). Cloud environment experience (i.e. AWS).Candidates based in EST and CST timezone only will be considered for this role We are looking for an experienced candidate who will participate in raising the technical skills of the team, especially in the field of test automation, and will want to cooperate and share the knowledge as a team player Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Information Technology or similar field At least 3 years experience in functional, system, regression testing software 3 or more years designing and developing UI automation Proficient in JAVA programming language Experience in creating and maintaining RESTful API automated tests or/and frameworks Experience with Selenium, MAVEN, Test NG Experience with tools: IntelliJ, Eclipse, JIRA, qTest, Zephyr Excellent communication skills (written and verbal) Experience in performance testing Basic knowledge of SQL, Oracle, Postgres Good knowledge of CI/CD tools (i.e Cloud environment experience (i.e Youll be working in EngageOne line of business helping to bring exciting emerging technologies together into an enterprise-class cohesive solution set for our clients Youll be engaged both in maintaining the existing mature foundation products and developing new solutions Design, develop and maintain test automation that ensures thorough feature and/or product testing Provide guidance for automation framework Execute all levels of testing (functional, integration, system and regression) Create, maintain, review, and execute test cases, test plans Detect, log, track, and retest product defects Work closely with other QAs to expand best practices and knowledge Actively participate in Agile scrum process Ensure the reliability of CI/CD process 