Position Summary...What you'll do...As a part of Walmart US Tech, you'll help build industry defining Health and Wellness technology products to drive differentiated experiences for our patients and pharmacy associates. Our Health and Wellness Data Insights team is looking for an experienced candidate (6+ years) who can lead the team.What you will do:You should have and can implement big ideas with a positive attitude. You want to be a part of the team to disrupt this industry and you have these main skills: Extensive understanding of Google Cloud Platform (GCP), Hadoop, Big Query, Kafka streaming, Microservice architecture and design, and best practices around multithreading, networking, offline storage, and performance tuning Expert level knowledge and understanding of high performance and scalable solutions that extract, transform, and load to Hadoop / Big Query Experience with refactoring/redesigning/rewriting existing applications is a plus (We are in the process of redesigning and refactoring of our current system) Demonstrated knowledge of the following programming Languages: Java, Python, Bash, Spark (SQL, Streaming), Hadoop Map-Reduce experience. Ability to build products with focus on testability, someone who loves test coverage (well versed with Mockito and JUnit) A disciplined approach to development, code review, testing, documentation, and code structure in a team environment. A constant desire to improve, learn more and take things to the next level and a passion for adopting the latest features in Microservice, Java, and Spring Boot.What you will bring: Your ability to rise above group think and see beyond the here and now is matched only by your intellectual curiosity. You come to the table with a comprehensive knowledge of JAVA as well as Agile methodologies. You consider yourself to be a student of the world who thrives in an ever-changing environment that holds within it new challenges and chances to prove your expertise. You level up when you can teach others and empower those around you to excel. Effectively translating requirements into project parameters while working with agility from cradle to grave. Helping cross-functional teams to solve for business problems and develop solutions that enable us to redefine a "best-in-class" customer experience. Encouraging the project teams that you oversee to work collaboratively and to aim for insight-driven outcomes. The above information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed in the role. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. The full Job Description can be made available as part of the hiring process. Knowledge of technologies used in building scalable, distributed systems in virtualized cloud environments. Ability to design for fault tolerance and high availability. Have proficient knowledge and experience with Kafka Queues, Scala, Splunk, Elastic Search, SQL Ability and solid knowledge on version management & deployment tools like GITHUB and Concord. Solid DEVOPS skills in troubleshooting live applications, assessing performance bottlenecks of applications running on Linux Knowledge in JIRA would be plusThe above information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed in the role. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. The full Job Description can be made available as part of the hiring process.About Walmart Global TechImagine working where one line of code can make life easier for hundreds of millions of people. That's what we do at Walmart Global Tech. We're a team of software engineers, data scientists, cybersecurity experts and service professionals within the world's leading retailer who make epic impact and are leading the next retail disruption. People are why we innovate, and people power our innovations.We're Primarily VirtualWe use a hybrid way of working that is primarily virtual, while remaining near the locations Global Tech calls home. This approach has helped us make quicker decisions, remove location barriers across our global team, be more flexible in our personal lives and spend less time commuting. Of course, being together in person is an important part of our culture and shared success. We use our campuses to collaborate and be together in person, as business needs require and for development and networking opportunities. Most of our team will make this permanent transition to our hybrid way of working as our new normal. Our U.S. hubs are: Austin, TX; Bentonville AR; Carlsbad, CA; Charlotte, NC; Dallas, TX, Hoboken, NJ; Portland, OR; Reston, VA; Seattle, WA and Sunnyvale, CAWho We AreJoin Walmart and your work could help approximately 220 global customers live better every week. Yes, we are the Fortune #1 company. But you'll quickly find we're a company who wants you to feel comfortable bringing your whole self to work. Our mission spreads far beyond the walls of our stores. Here at the world's leading retailer, you can make career defining accomplishments, learn new skills, gain experience from virtually every industry, and leverage your expertise to innovate at scale, impact millions and reimagine the future of retail. Discover why we are a world leader in technology, diversity and inclusion, sustainability, and community involvement. careers.walmart.com.Equal Opportunity EmployerWalmart, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer - By Choice. We believe we are best equipped to help our associates, customers, and the communities we serve live better when we really know them. That means understanding, respecting, and valuing diversity- unique styles, experiences, identities, ideas, and opinions - while being inclusive of all people.Minimum Qualifications...Outlined below are the required minimum qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no minimum qualifications.Option 1: Bachelor's degree in computer science, computer engineering, computer information systems, software engineering, or related area and 2 years' experience in software engineering or related area.Option 2: 4 years' experience in software engineering or related area.Preferred Qualifications...Outlined below are the optional preferred qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no preferred qualifications.Customer ServiceMasters: Computer SciencePrimary Location...8TH AND J STREETS, BENTONVILLE, AR 72712-0000, United States of America You want to be a part of the team to disrupt this industry and you have these main skills: Extensive understanding of Google Cloud Platform (GCP), Hadoop, Big Query, Kafka streaming, Microservice architecture and design, and best practices around multithreading, networking, offline storage, and performance tuning Expert level knowledge and understanding of high performance and scalable solutions that extract, transform, and load to Hadoop / Big Query Demonstrated knowledge of the following programming Languages: Java, Python, Bash, Spark (SQL, Streaming), Hadoop Map-Reduce experience Ability to build products with focus on testability, someone who loves test coverage (well versed with Mockito and JUnit) A disciplined approach to development, code review, testing, documentation, and code structure in a team environment Your ability to rise above group think and see beyond the here and now is matched only by your intellectual curiosity You come to the table with a comprehensive knowledge of JAVA as well as Agile methodologies You consider yourself to be a student of the world who thrives in an ever-changing environment that holds within it new challenges and chances to prove your expertise Knowledge of technologies used in building scalable, distributed systems in virtualized cloud environments Ability to design for fault tolerance and high availability Have proficient knowledge and experience with Kafka Queues, Scala, Splunk, Elastic Search, SQL Ability and solid knowledge on version management & deployment tools like GITHUB and Concord Solid DEVOPS skills in troubleshooting live applications, assessing performance bottlenecks of applications running on Linux Knowledge in JIRA would be plus Option 1: Bachelor's degree in computer science, computer engineering, computer information systems, software engineering, or related area and 2 years' experience in software engineering or related area Effectively translating requirements into project parameters while working with agility from cradle to grave Helping cross-functional teams to solve for business problems and develop solutions that enable us to redefine a "best-in-class" customer experience Encouraging the project teams that you oversee to work collaboratively and to aim for insight-driven outcomes The above information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed in the role 