Who We AreBabylist is the leading vertical marketplace and commerce destination for baby, driving purchase decisions for more than 8 million people each year. Utilizing robust proprietary data, patented technology, and unbiased editorial guidance, Babylist recommends expert-tested products to those starting their parenting journey so loved ones can offer their support. Babylist registries... connect new parents and their community of family and friends who help plan, prepare, and shop for a child's arrival. Babylist is the generational brand in baby, leading the $67 billion baby products market as the trusted go-to solution for growing families. To learn about Babylists registry options, editorial content, and more, visit www.babylist.com.Our Ways of WorkingWere a remote-first company with team members located across the United States spanning multiple time zones. We know how valuable the flexibility of remote work is for our employees so people can get the work done in the way that suits them best. With rare exception, our employees generally work 9-5 in their home time zone.We also know that personal connection is the foundation for the great work we do together. In order to build community and collaboration, we gather in person two times a year at a full company offsite and a departmental offsite. These offsites are expected of employees and are great opportunities to meet the people you work with every day and to do some of the work that is much more difficult to do virtually.Our Tech Stack Ruby on Rails AWS Sidekiq MySQL Redis React Native iOS and AndroidWhat the Role IsBabylist is looking for a Senior Software Engineer, Android to join our mobile team. This team is responsible for the core experience our users have while building and managing their registry. Youll work with expert technical leads and software engineers to build out the experience that is the core of our business. Youll work closely with Product, Design, and other teams to execute key initiatives.Who You Are Youre confident in the Android ecosystem and are familiar with modern Android tools and frameworks. You find pride in shipping code thats clean, DRY, and well-tested. You take ownership of your project, from technical planning and implementation to testing and deployment. You enjoy partnering up with product and design teams to deliver a great user experience. You have the confidence to communicate something technical to a non-technical team member. You know how to cut out the jargon and talk to others like human beings. You know how to roll up your sleeves. We like systems that run well, but when things don't go as planned we support each other.What You'll Do Youll build exciting new features and experiences in an app that people love. Our Android app is used by hundreds of thousands of delighted users -- thats why its rated five star on Google Play! Youll collaborate with our product, design, and mobile development teams to build first class experiences. Youll build features in a modern Android app with low levels of technical debt. Youll own, manage, triage, and fix crashes and bugs so our users can focus on the important stuff -- getting ready for a new addition to their family. Youll have the autonomy and control to shape the future of not just our Android codebase. Youll collaborate with our platform team to design APIs. Youll manage platform and infrastructure projects to ensure our app is staying stable and up to date. Youll test and manage deployments to the Google Play Store.What You've Done 8+ years of engineering experience with at least 5 years of experience shipping real-world production Android applications. Experience with Kotlin or Java (Kotlin preferred) You should be able to demonstrate a concrete understanding of CS fundamentals and Android best practices. Experience with Android libraries like Android X/Jetpack, Room, Kotlin Coroutines, Retrofit Familiarity with modern Android best practices and frameworks, like Model-View-ViewModel (MVVM) and Kotlin Flow. Familiarity with emerging technologies like Compose is a plus! Familiarity with Ruby on Rails or API design is a plus!Why You Will Love Working At Babylist We are a remote first company and invest in infrastructure youll need to be supported and successful: tools, opportunities to connect with colleagues, and a stipend to help you set up your office We build products that have a positive impact on millions of peoples lives We work at a sustainable pace which means work/life balance is a real thing here We believe technology and data can solve hard problems We believe in exceptional management We are committed to providing an actively antiracist organization and doing the work to support differences of all kinds We offer competitive pay and meaningful opportunities for career advancement We have great benefits like company paid medical, dental, and vision, a generous paid parental leave policy, and 401k with company match We care about employee wellbeing with perks for physical, mental and emotional health, parenting, childcare, and financial planningBabylist offers a competitive salary and benefits package.A wide range of factors are considered in making compensation decisions including but not limited to skill sets; experience and training; and other business and organizational needs. Exact starting pay will be determined based on skills and experience. We hold two compensation reviews annually to review pay for performance and market and run an equity analysis to ensure our pay practices are fair and unbiased.A reasonable estimate for the current role is:$142,000-$205,000This range may be modified in the future.In addition to the base compensation listed above, we offer a number of other benefits as part of your total compensation at Babylist, such as: Company performance bonus Medical, dental and vision, covered at 100% for employees. Unlimited fertility coverage with no infertility diagnosis required. Paid Life insurance, AD&D, and disability benefits Retirement savings accounts (401k) with a 3.5% company match and immediate vesting Competitive employee stock options Up to 12 weeks of paid leave, optional additional unpaid leave, and a flexible return to work policy to welcome a new child through any of the ways to form a family, for all genders Paid time off including 15 vacation days, 9 wellness days, and 10 paid holidays An initial work from home stipend to optimize your workspace Mental wellness programs, including access to four sessions with licensed providers and unlimited access to Expectful and Headspace meditation apps Other perks include Babylist store discount, childcare stipend, referral bonuses, twice-yearly in-person events with the team and moreIf your experience is close to what were looking for, please consider applying. Experience comes in many forms  skills are transferable, and passion goes a long way. We know that diversity makes for the best problem-solving and creative thinking, which is why were dedicated to adding new perspectives to the team and encourage everyone to apply.#bi-remote Native iOS and Android Youre confident in the Android ecosystem and are familiar with modern Android tools and frameworks You find pride in shipping code thats clean, DRY, and well-tested You enjoy partnering up with product and design teams to deliver a great user experience You have the confidence to communicate something technical to a non-technical team member You know how to cut out the jargon and talk to others like human beings You know how to roll up your sleeves 8+ years of engineering experience with at least 5 years of experience shipping real-world production Android applications You should be able to demonstrate a concrete understanding of CS fundamentals and Android best practices Experience with Android libraries like Android X/Jetpack, Room, Kotlin Coroutines, Retrofit Familiarity with modern Android best practices and frameworks, like Model-View-ViewModel (MVVM) and Kotlin Flow Youll work with expert technical leads and software engineers to build out the experience that is the core of our business Youll work closely with Product, Design, and other teams to execute key initiatives Youll build exciting new features and experiences in an app that people love Youll own, manage, triage, and fix crashes and bugs so our users can focus on the important stuff -- getting ready for a new addition to their family Youll have the autonomy and control to shape the future of not just our Android codebase Youll manage platform and infrastructure projects to ensure our app is staying stable and up to date Youll test and manage deployments to the Google Play Store We are a remote first company and invest in infrastructure youll need to be supported and successful: tools, opportunities to connect with colleagues, and a stipend to help you set up your office We offer competitive pay and meaningful opportunities for career advancement We have great benefits like company paid medical, dental, and vision, a generous paid parental leave policy, and 401k with company match We care about employee wellbeing with perks for physical, mental and emotional health, parenting, childcare, and financial planning Babylist offers a competitive salary and benefits package A wide range of factors are considered in making compensation decisions including but not limited to skill sets; experience and training; and other business and organizational needs We hold two compensation reviews annually to review pay for performance and market and run an equity analysis to ensure our pay practices are fair and unbiased $142,000-$205,000 In addition to the base compensation listed above, we offer a number of other benefits as part of your total compensation at Babylist, such as: Company performance bonus Medical, dental and vision, covered at 100% for employees Unlimited fertility coverage with no infertility diagnosis required Paid Life insurance, AD&D, and disability benefits Retirement savings accounts (401k) with a 3.5% company match and immediate vesting Competitive employee stock options Up to 12 weeks of paid leave, optional additional unpaid leave, and a flexible return to work policy to welcome a new child through any of the ways to form a family, for all genders Paid time off including 15 vacation days, 9 wellness days, and 10 paid holidays An initial work from home stipend to optimize your workspace Mental wellness programs, including access to four sessions with licensed providers and unlimited access to Expectful and Headspace meditation apps Other perks include Babylist store discount, childcare stipend, referral bonuses, twice-yearly in-person events with the team and more 