In the minute it takes you to read this job description, Bluecore has launched over 100,000 individually personalized marketing campaigns for our retail ecommerce customers!We are looking for a Staff Software Engineer - Infrastructure to help our engineering teams build scalable, extensible, reliable, and performant systems. The role will be hands on optimizing our Kubernetes clusters, managing... our GCP infrastructure, and improving our DevOps and SRE practices. Learn more about our automation with this blog post on Argo, Kustomize and Config Connector.Bluecore ingests 100s of millions of events per day, sends millions of personalized emails, and manages hundreds of terabytes of data. We use Google Cloud hosted infrastructure services including Google App Engine, Kubernetes/GKE, BigQuery, PubSub and Cloud SQL. Our stack consists primarily of Python and Golang on the backend with gRPC services, and JavaScript (React) on the frontend. We emphasize a culture of making good tradeoffs, working as a team, and leaving your ego at the door. Bluecores Engineering team is made up of exemplary engineers who believe in working collaboratively to solve complex technical problems and build creative solutions that are as simple as possible, but as powerful as necessary.You will be hands-on managing hundreds of servers with Infrastructure-as-Code tools (Terraform, Config Connector) and optimizing our multi-zone and multi-region network topology. You will be responsible for designing, building and supporting automation tools to help developers safely manage release operations and highly-available systems. You will be maintaining Bluecores shared libraries providing best practices for service development. You will be responsible for our system and application level security practices, from container scanning, to RBAC, to service and user level AuthN and AuthZ systems.Responsibilities Manage hundreds of servers and thousands of containers on our Google Kubernetes Engine clusters using various automation tools. Design and manage zero-trust networks using Open Policy Agent (OPA), Envoy and Istio. Define and scale our Observability strategy with Prometheus, Jaeger, and Grafana. Design, architect, and build performant, reliable, high-quality systems at scale within one or more engineering domains. Provide significant engineering contribution even in domains with less expertise. Plan, design, and roadmap extremely large and complex projects with difficult and intertwined dependencies that push the boundary of what the engineering team and the entire business is capable of. Promote coding standards, styles, and design principles across the organization. Proactively identify technology opportunities for the company, and push technical ideas, proposals, and plans to the entire organization and beyond through presentations, technical specs, blog posts, and documentation. Lead company-wide technical strategy and decisions, and facilitate progress by building consensus amongst senior engineering leadership and company leadership. Advise and advocate for best tools, methods, and approaches for the entire engineering organization. Evangelize Bluecore Engineering internally and externally, including leading external initiatives to promote Bluecore Engineering in the wider community.Requirements Hands-on experience maintaining Kubernetes at scale and running various workloads on Kubernetes. Designing and maintaining network infrastructure, including cloud-based load balancing and ingress/egress design. Experience with metric and alerting tools, and experience with distributed tracing systems. Capable of owning engineering and company level issues or gaps, and successfully planning and executing towards resolution, all while continuously identifying and exploring additional opportunities and proactively preventing upcoming risks. Experience developing technical roadmaps and estimates that have pushed product and business growth over several quarters. Has a proven track record of successfully completing work that spans multiple teams and quarters, creating large impacts to business success. Experience excelling within a high-growth, startup environment or building out a new team/function within a larger company preferred. Experience with technical team mentorship, including guiding other engineers to become more effective technical leaders and providing feedback on best practices in code and design. Able to identify your team's dependencies on other areas and across functions, communicate effectively to remove any immediate blockers, and propose and implement process changes that strengthen and maintain efficiency. Adept at effectively communicating with external customers about critical production issues, as well as working with internal stakeholders from Bluecores customer success and support teams to propose and implement immediate fixes and resolution plans.More About UsBluecore is a multi-channel personalization platform that gives retailers a competitive advantage in a digital-first world. Unlike systems built for mass marketing and a physical-first world, Bluecore unifies shopper and product data in a single platform, and using easy-to-deploy predictive models, activates welcomed one-to-one experiences at the speed and scale of digital. Through Bluecores dynamic shopper and product matching, brands can personalize 100% of communications delivered to consumers through their shopping experiences, anywhere.This Comes To Life In Three Core Product Lines Bluecore Communicate a modern email service provider (ESP) + SMS Bluecore Site an onsite capture and personalization product Bluecore Advertise a paid media productBluecore is credited with increasing lifetime value of shoppers and overall speed to marketing for more than 400 brands, including Express, Tommy Hilfiger, The North Face, Teleflora and Bass Pro Shops. We have been recognized as one of the Best Places to Work by Fortune, Crain's, Forbes and BuiltIn as well as ranked on the Inc. 5000, the most prestigious ranking of the nations fastest-growing private companies.We are proud of the culture of flexibility, inclusivity and trust that we have built around our workforce. We are a remote first organization with the option to potentially work in our New York headquarters on occasion moving forward. We love the opportunity to come together  but employees will always have the option on where they work best.At Bluecore we believe in encouraging an inclusive environment in which employees feel encouraged to share their unique perspectives, demonstrate their strengths, and act authentically. We know that diverse teams are strong teams, and welcome those from all backgrounds and varying experiences. Bluecore is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fair hiring practices and to building a welcoming environment for all team members. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, familial status or veteran status.We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation Provide significant engineering contribution even in domains with less expertise Plan, design, and roadmap extremely large and complex projects with difficult and intertwined dependencies that push the boundary of what the engineering team and the entire business is capable of Hands-on experience maintaining Kubernetes at scale and running various workloads on Kubernetes Designing and maintaining network infrastructure, including cloud-based load balancing and ingress/egress design Experience with metric and alerting tools, and experience with distributed tracing systems Capable of owning engineering and company level issues or gaps, and successfully planning and executing towards resolution, all while continuously identifying and exploring additional opportunities and proactively preventing upcoming risks Experience developing technical roadmaps and estimates that have pushed product and business growth over several quarters Has a proven track record of successfully completing work that spans multiple teams and quarters, creating large impacts to business success Experience with technical team mentorship, including guiding other engineers to become more effective technical leaders and providing feedback on best practices in code and design You will be hands-on managing hundreds of servers with Infrastructure-as-Code tools (Terraform, Config Connector) and optimizing our multi-zone and multi-region network topology You will be responsible for designing, building and supporting automation tools to help developers safely manage release operations and highly-available systems You will be maintaining Bluecores shared libraries providing best practices for service development You will be responsible for our system and application level security practices, from container scanning, to RBAC, to service and user level AuthN and AuthZ systems Manage hundreds of servers and thousands of containers on our Google Kubernetes Engine clusters using various automation tools Design and manage zero-trust networks using Open Policy Agent (OPA), Envoy and Istio Define and scale our Observability strategy with Prometheus, Jaeger, and Grafana Design, architect, and build performant, reliable, high-quality systems at scale within one or more engineering domains Promote coding standards, styles, and design principles across the organization Proactively identify technology opportunities for the company, and push technical ideas, proposals, and plans to the entire organization and beyond through presentations, technical specs, blog posts, and documentation Lead company-wide technical strategy and decisions, and facilitate progress by building consensus amongst senior engineering leadership and company leadership Advise and advocate for best tools, methods, and approaches for the entire engineering organization Evangelize Bluecore Engineering internally and externally, including leading external initiatives to promote Bluecore Engineering in the wider community Able to identify your team's dependencies on other areas and across functions, communicate effectively to remove any immediate blockers, and propose and implement process changes that strengthen and maintain efficiency Adept at effectively communicating with external customers about critical production issues, as well as working with internal stakeholders from Bluecores customer success and support teams to propose and implement immediate fixes and resolution plans 