Diagnostic Tool Content Author  Harvesting Class 7 - 10The Harvesting Software and Electronics Team at AGCO Hesston Operations has an immediate opening for a diagnostics tool content author. The successful candidate will develop diagnostic content as it relates to current product maintenance and new product/feature introduction on AGCOs Harvesting Platforms. This role will utilize in-house... authoring software to create diagnostic content for AGCOs Electronic Diagnostic Tool (EDT) and Tech Connect Diagnostics. Some of the desired capabilities for the person filling this role are:Summary of Duties Develop EDT and Tech Connect Diagnostic content for harvesting equipment. Integrate, develop and deploy software. Debugging/interpreting vehicle bus data using CANoe, CANalyzer, CAPL, PCAN, CANtrace, or other similar tool. Use AGCO OTX and ODX standards for common diagnostic development. Respect development standard defined by AGCO. Coordinate diagnostic content with service department. Validate the integration of internal and external suppliers components into harvesting equipment. Interface to the electrical and mechanical design teams to define required interfaces.Functional Knowledge Experience in writing software using C. Experience with defining software and hardware interfaces. Experience in a structured development environment. Experience using a version control system, for example SVN. In depth knowledge of CAN communications.Desirable Knowledge Experience in KWP2000 and UDS communication protocol. Experience writing in OTX and ODX. UML and Automated code generation tools. ISO11783 CAN communication protocol. Experience in development on off road, heavy equipment or agricultural diagnostics tool content preferred.Interpersonal Skills Strong verbal and written communication skills to convey requirements, root cause analysis, new strategies, processes/approaches to a variety of internal or external audiences. Ability to address and resolve issues in an objective, fact-based, professional fashion. Ability to inspire confidence in project sponsors, owners and participants. Motivated self-starter who can relate well to a diverse multidiscipline development team.Travel Able to travel domestically and internationally for supporting development of equipment.Qualifications and ExperienceRequired A Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Electrical, Mechanical, or Agricultural Engineering or other related technical areas.What We OfferGLOBAL DIVERSITY  Diversity means many things to us, different brands, cultures, nationalities, genders, generations  even variety in our roles. You make us unique!ENTERPRISING SPIRIT- Every role adds value. Were committed to helping you develop and grow to realize your potential.POSITIVE IMPACT  Make it personal and help us feed the world.INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGIES - You can combine your love for technology with manufacturing excellence  and work alongside teams of people around the world who share your enthusiasm.MAKE THE MOST OF YOU  Benefits include: health care and wellness plans, flexible and virtual work options (where available), 401(k) Savings Plan with company match, paid holidays and paid time off, flexible spending accounts, reimbursement for continuing education, company philanthropic programs, company perks programs, and much morePlease note that this job posting is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of all required activities, duties, responsibilities or benefits and may change at any time with or without notice.AGCO is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing Experience in writing software using C Experience with defining software and hardware interfaces Experience in a structured development environment Experience using a version control system, for example SVN In depth knowledge of CAN communications Experience in KWP2000 and UDS communication protocol Experience writing in OTX and ODX UML and Automated code generation tools ISO11783 CAN communication protocol Strong verbal and written communication skills to convey requirements, root cause analysis, new strategies, processes/approaches to a variety of internal or external audiences Ability to address and resolve issues in an objective, fact-based, professional fashion Ability to inspire confidence in project sponsors, owners and participants Motivated self-starter who can relate well to a diverse multidiscipline development team A Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Electrical, Mechanical, or Agricultural Engineering or other related technical areas The successful candidate will develop diagnostic content as it relates to current product maintenance and new product/feature introduction on AGCOs Harvesting Platforms This role will utilize in-house authoring software to create diagnostic content for AGCOs Electronic Diagnostic Tool (EDT) and Tech Connect Diagnostics Develop EDT and Tech Connect Diagnostic content for harvesting equipment Integrate, develop and deploy software Debugging/interpreting vehicle bus data using CANoe, CANalyzer, CAPL, PCAN, CANtrace, or other similar tool Use AGCO OTX and ODX standards for common diagnostic development Respect development standard defined by AGCO Coordinate diagnostic content with service department Validate the integration of internal and external suppliers components into harvesting equipment Interface to the electrical and mechanical design teams to define required interfaces MAKE THE MOST OF YOU  Benefits include: health care and wellness plans, flexible and virtual work options (where available), 401(k) Savings Plan with company match, paid holidays and paid time off, flexible spending accounts, reimbursement for continuing education, company philanthropic programs, company perks programs, and much more 