Who we areArcBest Technologies, an ArcBest company, is an innovative technology company that provides custom-built solutions and leading-edge technologies that help our customers and suppliers successfully navigate the complex supply chain landscape. Our team is made up of highly engaged and creative tech and analytical professionals  engineers, mathematicians, data scientists, software... developers, information system specialists and more  who create smart solutions that deliver value to our customers and keep the global supply chain moving. Were building the future of logistics.ArcBest Technologies is headquartered in Fort Smith, Arkansas.Our people are at the heart of our success, and we offer a workplace that embraces all cultures, perspectives, and experiences  so we can provide the best atmosphere for our employees and the best service to our customers. If that sounds like something youd like to be a part of, wed love to hear from you.Currently, we are looking for a Software Engineer to join the ArcBest Technologies team. The Software Engineer designs, develops and installs software solutions. The Software Engineer builds high-quality, innovative and fully performing software in compliance with coding standards and technical design and is responsible for development, writing code, and documenting functionality.Your responsibilities may include: Execute full lifecycle software development. Write well designed, testable, efficient code. Produce specifications and determine operational feasibility. Integrate software components into a fully functional software system. Develop software verification plans and quality assurance procedures. Document and maintain software functionality. Tailor and deploy software tools, processes and metrics. Test solutions thoroughly to ensure reliable functionality prior to implementation. Serve as a subject matter expert. Comply with project plans and industry standards. Other duties and projects, as assigned.Ready to apply? Before doing so, please make sure you meet the minimum requirements:Education: Bachelors degree in IT, business or a related field. Equivalent experience will be considered in lieu of formal education.Experience: Minimum, 7+ years of experience as a computer software engineer or developer. Prior experience designing interactive applications and test-driven development. Prior experience developing web applications. Proficient with software development methodology and release processes.Computer Skills: Ability to develop software in required format (C, C++, C#, Java, etc.). Expert knowledge of relational databases, SQL and ORM technologies and software engineering tools.If you require accommodation in the application process, please contact arcbhr@arcb.com or call us at (479) 785-8963. An Equal Opportunity Employer including Vet/Disability.REF 19217 Education: Bachelors degree in IT, business or a related field Equivalent experience will be considered in lieu of formal education Experience: Minimum, 7+ years of experience as a computer software engineer or developer Prior experience designing interactive applications and test-driven development Proficient with software development methodology and release processes Computer Skills: Ability to develop software in required format (C, C++, C#, Java, etc.). Expert knowledge of relational databases, SQL and ORM technologies and software engineering tools The Software Engineer builds high-quality, innovative and fully performing software in compliance with coding standards and technical design and is responsible for development, writing code, and documenting functionality Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable, efficient code Produce specifications and determine operational feasibility Integrate software components into a fully functional software system Develop software verification plans and quality assurance procedures Document and maintain software functionality Tailor and deploy software tools, processes and metrics Test solutions thoroughly to ensure reliable functionality prior to implementation Serve as a subject matter expert Comply with project plans and industry standards Other duties and projects, as assigned 