The Role:We are looking for an exceptional, self-motivated Principal Software Engineer who would like to work with a self-organizing team. As part of the Platform team that powers all of SnapLogics services, youll work on a range of interesting topics to make our platform resilient, robust, HA-compliant, and scale up to meet the growing demands of our Enterprise customers...You are a Principal Software Engineer who delivers good quality products. You enjoy building database services, distributed systems and/or foundational cloud services. Youre proficient in at least one programming language, and ready to learn whatever you need to to accomplish your tasks. Overall you take a deep sense of ownership, accountability, and pride.The Principal Software Engineer is a remote role with an occasional travel to our HQ in San Mateo, CA. Last round of interviews and first few days will be required in person in the HQ.What You'll Do: Take ownership of Platform application's MongoDB clusters (dev, test, and terabyte scale production database). Establish best practices for Mongo shard management. Assist developers in following best practices when writing database queries, adding or modifying indexes, and tuning the application's usage of the database. Assist operations to make improvements and perform maintenance on the cluster. Lead and grow our Platform Data team. Work on data layer (database, cache, indexes) stability, performance and enhancements. Work closely with other Platform team leads to make our product compliant with our Zero-Downtime SLA. Implement best practices for building high performance data servicesDrive forward Platform Data teams site reliability (SRE) initiatives.What We're Looking For: Experience as an Engineering manager for data-focussed SaaS products. At least 5 years of experience in a leadership role. B.S. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related technical degree. Experience with distributed databases; especially NoSQL. Excellent design, development, and communication skills and Programming experience, ideally in Java or Python, and a willingness to learn new programming languages to meet goals and objectives. Knowledge of data cleaning, wrangling, visualization, and reporting, with an understanding of the best, most efficient use of associated tools and applications to complete these tasks. Experience with two or more of the following: Redis, MongoDB, Kafka, Redshift, Athena, BigQuery, ElasticSearch. Experience with Machine Learning and Statistical analysis is a plus.Why Join:There's never been a better time to join SnapLogic. Here are a few reasons why:Perks And Benefits: The list includes, but is not limited to: competitive salary, flexible PTO (USA employees), comprehensive healthcare; 401(k); FSA and supplemental insurance; paid parental leave; wellness and fitness reimbursements; gym and lunch on site (HQ); remote/hybrid work for majority of roles.Company Momentum: Industry experts have consistently recognized our company, products, customers, and employees as best-in-class, from our year-over-year Leadership in Gartners iPaaS Magic Quadrant, to our 2021 CODiE Award win, to our recognition as a 2022 Bay Area Top Workplace.Hot Market Opportunity: Leading organizations are embracing the cloud, data, and AI to rethink and rewire their businesses. According to industry analysts, the integration market alone is growing four times faster than the overall software market, approaching more than $5 billion in revenue.Innovative Product: SnapLogic is the only company to provide a single, unified platform for all of a companys integration and automation needs: application integration, data integration, API management, B2B integration, and data engineering.World Class Customers: Hundreds of customers around the globe trust SnapLogic to handle their enterprise integration and automation needs. Our customers come first, and were proud of SnapLogic's industry-leading customer retention rate of over 95%.SnapLogic is headquartered in San Mateo, CA with offices in New York, NY; London, UK; and Hyderabad, India.To all recruitment agencies: SnapLogic does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to SnapLogic employees or to any other company location. SnapLogic is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with the company. SnapLogic provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. SnapLogic complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training. SnapLogic expressly prohibits any form of unlawful employee harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of SnapLogic employees to perform their expected job duties is absolutely not tolerated You enjoy building database services, distributed systems and/or foundational cloud services Youre proficient in at least one programming language, and ready to learn whatever you need to to accomplish your tasks Overall you take a deep sense of ownership, accountability, and pride Experience as an Engineering manager for data-focussed SaaS products At least 5 years of experience in a leadership role B.S. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related technical degree Experience with distributed databases; especially NoSQL Excellent design, development, and communication skills and Programming experience, ideally in Java or Python, and a willingness to learn new programming languages to meet goals and objectives Knowledge of data cleaning, wrangling, visualization, and reporting, with an understanding of the best, most efficient use of associated tools and applications to complete these tasks Experience with two or more of the following: Redis, MongoDB, Kafka, Redshift, Athena, BigQuery, ElasticSearch Take ownership of Platform application's MongoDB clusters (dev, test, and terabyte scale production database) Establish best practices for Mongo shard management Assist developers in following best practices when writing database queries, adding or modifying indexes, and tuning the application's usage of the database Assist operations to make improvements and perform maintenance on the cluster Lead and grow our Platform Data team Work on data layer (database, cache, indexes) stability, performance and enhancements Work closely with other Platform team leads to make our product compliant with our Zero-Downtime SLA Implement best practices for building high performance data services Perks And Benefits: The list includes, but is not limited to: competitive salary, flexible PTO (USA employees), comprehensive healthcare; 401(k); FSA and supplemental insurance; paid parental leave; wellness and fitness reimbursements; gym and lunch on site (HQ); remote/hybrid work for majority of roles 