Principal Software Engineer - US RemoteDepartment: Engineering...Employment Type: Full TimeLocation: US - RemoteDescriptionHi, thanks for reading about our Principal Software Engineer opportunity! We're glad you're here.We're Knack, a code-free platform used by thousands of customers  from non-profits to the worlds biggest companies  to easily build custom apps, workflows, and databases.We need a brilliant engineer to help us meet the enormous challenges around managing a complex and diverse set of data with speed and reliability.Were looking for someone whos not just an expert in programming, but who also cares deeply about application performance, and enjoys diving into the deep end of architecture and database use.And did we mention self-motivated and a leader? Were looking for applicants that want to join a fun, passionate and exceptionally talented team.Knack is and has always been a 100% remote company. We started as a remote company so we know what it takes to ensure the success of a distributed team. TLDR: that essentially means that each member of the team has a huge amount of autonomy and ownership to define their work and impact.We're looking for applicants that are opinionated about what matters to them and want to join a fun, passionate, close-knit crew of high-quality human beings that, above all, enjoy working together. Hopefully, that's you!Please note - We are unable to sponsor visas at this time.In this role, you will: Deep dive into Aurora PostgreSQL SQL performance challenges to optimize or change architecture for speed, scalability and reliability. Leverage tools such as New Relic, Performance Insights, and Data Dog to identify opportunities to improve performance for our large number of users. Drive innovative problem solving on challenging engineering problems, including: Caching, Real-time concurrency, and Container optimizations Refactor and modernize areas of the codebase, with an eye towards increasing maintainability, performance, and rapid iteration Collaborate with stakeholders, infrastructure and engineering teams to enable well-informed decision-making by: Bringing appropriate information to discussions, Clarifying scope and accurately presenting tradeoffs, Clearly communicating potential changes and alternatives along with associated pros / cons Be an inspiring and supportive teammate by participating in PR reviews, pair programming, active feedback, idea generation, teaching, learning, and generally being a delightful human beingWe're looking for someone who is: Has proven experience solving performance problems on PostgreSQL and Node.js. Worked on a multi-region, multi-tenant SaaS application with a large number of users. Can go heads down to understand and find the root cause of a problem. Experienced as a meaningful contributor to a data-driven architecture at scale. Humble but opinionated. You have lots of ideas, yet you are happy to shift directions when a better path emerges. You take your work much more seriously than you take yourself. Hungry for meaningful work, and space to do it. Knack is a complex product in a complex space and the work is extremely challenging - but also deeply rewarding. Knack makes a major impact in the work of thousands of companies and organizations.Our Stack: Back-end: JavaScript, Node.js, ES6 Data: Both SQL and NoSQL, Postgres, Redis, Solr, ElasticSearch DevOps & Deployment: All things AWS, Jenkins, Github Testing: Playwright, Mocha, Jest Front-end: Vue.js, Webpack, SCSSThe biggest benefit of Knack is getting to work alongside our awesome team of Knackleheads. We're a funny, humble, talented team of delightful human beings that, above all, enjoy working with each other, growing with each other, and supporting each other.These benefits aren't that bad either, though:  Define your work: find the location and environment that is best for your life and work.  Unlimited Paid Vacation: take the time you need to stay motivated, charged, and balanced. You'll get required days off for birthdays and Knackiversaries.  Paid Corporate Retreats: we get together once a year at an amazing location to do normal human being things in person. We pay for your flight, lodging, and meals.  HealthCare: we offer health, vision, and dental, covering 75% of the premium for you and your dependents (spouse + children).  401(k): we give you the option to automatically deduct funds from your pay to stash them away for your golden years (currently non-matching, but stay tuned!)  Equal opportunity: we push everyone to maximize their impact on our product and company--we strongly value all of our people, regardless of title or seniority.  Learning Credits - An annual allowance is provided to stay on top of your game with classes, books, and conferences.  Family support: we offer a generous paid family leave to welcome any new additions to your family.  Tech: we provide a top-of-the-line MacBook.  Referral Bonus: we think you're great which means you know awesome people! we offer a referral bonus to anyone you refer for an open position once they are hired as an official Knackster!  Workstation Allowance: we want your work from home space to have everything you need! we offer a workstation allowance to help with that Were looking for someone whos not just an expert in programming, but who also cares deeply about application performance, and enjoys diving into the deep end of architecture and database use Has proven experience solving performance problems on PostgreSQL and Node.js Worked on a multi-region, multi-tenant SaaS application with a large number of users Can go heads down to understand and find the root cause of a problem Experienced as a meaningful contributor to a data-driven architecture at scale Humble but opinionated You take your work much more seriously than you take yourself Hungry for meaningful work, and space to do it Deep dive into Aurora PostgreSQL SQL performance challenges to optimize or change architecture for speed, scalability and reliability Leverage tools such as New Relic, Performance Insights, and Data Dog to identify opportunities to improve performance for our large number of users Drive innovative problem solving on challenging engineering problems, including: Caching, Real-time concurrency, and Container optimizations Refactor and modernize areas of the codebase, with an eye towards increasing maintainability, performance, and rapid iteration Collaborate with stakeholders, infrastructure and engineering teams to enable well-informed decision-making by: Bringing appropriate information to discussions, Clarifying scope and accurately presenting tradeoffs, Clearly communicating potential changes and alternatives along with associated pros / cons Be an inspiring and supportive teammate by participating in PR reviews, pair programming, active feedback, idea generation, teaching, learning, and generally being a delightful human being  Define your work: find the location and environment that is best for your life and work  Unlimited Paid Vacation: take the time you need to stay motivated, charged, and balanced You'll get required days off for birthdays and Knackiversaries  Paid Corporate Retreats: we get together once a year at an amazing location to do normal human being things in person We pay for your flight, lodging, and meals  HealthCare: we offer health, vision, and dental, covering 75% of the premium for you and your dependents (spouse + children)  401(k): we give you the option to automatically deduct funds from your pay to stash them away for your golden years (currently non-matching, but stay tuned!)  Equal opportunity: we push everyone to maximize their impact on our product and company--we strongly value all of our people, regardless of title or seniority  Learning Credits - An annual allowance is provided to stay on top of your game with classes, books, and conferences  Family support: we offer a generous paid family leave to welcome any new additions to your family we offer a workstation allowance to help with that! 