What is this job in a nutshell?Innovar Group is seeking a Senior React Software Engineer whose ideal job is to engineer web applications that modernize networks around the world. If you want to be part of a global, software-focused company that is consistently creating ways to evolve its products, this an exciting position to pursue...What is your impact?You will contribute to a collaborative team that delivers well-engineered software to a growing customer base.Who should apply?Senior Software Engineers who have 6-8 years of experience and primarily focus your time developing React and JavaScript applications. You enjoy doing new development on web applications. You desire to be part of any organization long-term.Title: Senior React Software EngineerType: 6-month contract, with the option to extend or convert to full-timeLocation: 100% RemotePay Range: $70-$85, hourlyWhat do you need to be successful? Proven experience working on a Scrum development team but are not rigid in your methodology approach. 6-8 years experience in Software Engineering coupled with a focus on front-end development. Proven senior-level experience and focused project work with React and JavaScript. You can demonstrate your contribution and communicate your successes. Ability to contribute on design and automation testing. No job is too small  you can debug a web application if asked.Innovar Group offers full, comprehensive medical, dental, and vision healthcare to all our contractors.Innovar Group is comprised of senior talent agents who deliver top recruitment services to clients throughout the United States. We bring a new era of recruiting to the industry by aligning state-of-the-art technology w/ outstanding talent. Visit our website at www.innovargroup.comEqual Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran Senior Software Engineers who have 6-8 years of experience and primarily focus your time developing React and JavaScript applications You enjoy doing new development on web applications You desire to be part of any organization long-term Proven experience working on a Scrum development team but are not rigid in your methodology approach 6-8 years experience in Software Engineering coupled with a focus on front-end development Proven senior-level experience and focused project work with React and JavaScript You can demonstrate your contribution and communicate your successes Ability to contribute on design and automation testing You will contribute to a collaborative team that delivers well-engineered software to a growing customer base Pay Range: $70-$85, hourly 