Job Description Summary:The Software Engineer-III designs, develops, troubleshoots, and debugs software programs for software enhancements and new products. Develops software tools including operating systems, compilers, routers, networks, utilities, databases, and Internet-related tools. Determines softwares compatibility with hardware and/or influences software's design in relation to... hardware.Job Overview:The Software Engineer-III designs, develops, troubleshoots, and debugs software programs for software enhancements and new products. Develops software tools including operating systems, compilers, routers, networks, utilities, databases, and Internet-related tools. Determines softwares compatibility with hardware and/or influences software's design in relation to hardware.Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Good understanding of computer science fundamentals: algorithms, data structures, etc. acquired from education and/or experience. Excellent programmer Proficient at complex programming & knowledge of standard data structure and algorithms. Make recommendations for each when solving technical problems. Completes assignments in a timely manner and within quality tolerance. Write modular, maintainable code with some guidance. Make the right trade-offs to efficiently solve problems. Recognize impact software changes will have on systems. Make component changes. Understand and comply with provided requirements, translate them into code. Understands the principles of hardware to make design decisions. Link the work to the external market. Build subject matter expertise within the current product domain. Delivers well structured, tested, and documented code within agreed-upon timelines. Provide reasonably accurate estimates of work. Participates in all required meetings and agile ceremonies. Keen to provide test coverage to protect against future changes.Required Qualifications: Software engineering experience. Bachelor's degree or equivalent. Able to present a track record of software development in the real world. Mastery of one or more programming languages. Excellent code designing skills.Rocket Software focuses on Enterprise Software. Their company has offices in Waltham. They have a very large team that's between 1001-5000 employees.You can view their website at https://www.rocketsoftware.com Good understanding of computer science fundamentals: algorithms, data structures, etc. acquired from education and/or experience Excellent programmer Software engineering experience Bachelor's degree or equivalent Able to present a track record of software development in the real world Mastery of one or more programming languages Excellent code designing skills The Software Engineer-III designs, develops, troubleshoots, and debugs software programs for software enhancements and new products Develops software tools including operating systems, compilers, routers, networks, utilities, databases, and Internet-related tools Determines softwares compatibility with hardware and/or influences software's design in relation to hardware Make recommendations for each when solving technical problems Completes assignments in a timely manner and within quality tolerance Write modular, maintainable code with some guidance Make the right trade-offs to efficiently solve problems Recognize impact software changes will have on systems Make component changes Understand and comply with provided requirements, translate them into code Understands the principles of hardware to make design decisions Link the work to the external market Build subject matter expertise within the current product domain Delivers well structured, tested, and documented code within agreed-upon timelines Provide reasonably accurate estimates of work Participates in all required meetings and agile ceremonies Keen to provide test coverage to protect against future changes 