At Mnemonic, we are excited to be building the ultimate foundational data layer for the Web3 industry, doing the hard work once so that everyone else can focus on building the most amazing and inspiring products possible.NFTs are already flipping the script on longstanding systems of ownership on the Internet and empowering creatives and brands to engage fans in new ways. This is just the very... beginning.We simplify the increasingly-complex task of reading, searching, aggregating, and analyzing massive amounts of data on chain and off chain, so developers can bring better products to market faster. By empowering the innovators, were empowering the people.If you are passionate about data platforms, information retrieval, search, large-scale infrastructure, blockchain, web3 and the future of the Internet Mnemonic could be for you!The RoleThe scope of the work is broad, but generally includes: Designing and developing foundational backend and data infrastructure that supports our platform. Designing and developing scalable blockchain indexers and data aggregators. Designing and implementing data pipelines. Have a substantial role in the design and implementation of large distributed systems. Identifying and establishing best-in-class engineering practices across the company.What We Are Looking For At least 5 years of professional hands-on experience in software engineering, including methodologies and best practices of software development. A track record of architecting robust and reliable, production-grade distributed systems. Understanding of system performance analyses and optimization techniques across the full stack (operating system, file system, storage, memory, CPU and network). Writing high-quality maintainable code. Professional experience with Golang is preferred. Production experience with relational databases. Ability to move quickly while managing trade-offs of performance, reliability, security, and code quality. Ability to tackle ambiguous and undefined problems. A low-ego, growth oriented mindset, with a bias to thoughtful action, curiosity, self-direction and team play. A bachelors or masters degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or Mathematics is strongly preferred.Nice To Haves Experience with blockchains. Experience with one or more of the following: Kubernetes, Terraform, GCP.Our Tech Stack Backend: Golang, gRPC, Protobuf, REST. Frontend: Typescript, Node, Next.js, React. Storage: Postgres, Redis, Memcached, Pub/Sub, BigQuery, BigTable, CloudStorage. Infrastructure: Kubernetes, Terraform, Docker, GCP, AWS. Observability: Prometheus, Grafana, Jaeger. CI/CD: GitHub Actions. General: GitHub, Slack, Linear, PagerDuty.Perks at Mnemonic 100% remote, with company sponsored team gatherings a few times a year. Competitive salary and equity packages of an early stage fast-growing startup. Few meetings so you can focus on building. Top-notch health/dental/vision with $0 premium for employees and highly subsidized for families. Short-term disability, long-term disability, and life insurance. New top Apple equipment. Home internet stipend. One time work from home stipend to get your workspace setup At least 5 years of professional hands-on experience in software engineering, including methodologies and best practices of software development A track record of architecting robust and reliable, production-grade distributed systems Understanding of system performance analyses and optimization techniques across the full stack (operating system, file system, storage, memory, CPU and network) Writing high-quality maintainable code Experience with blockchains Experience with one or more of the following: Kubernetes, Terraform, GCP Designing and developing foundational backend and data infrastructure that supports our platform Designing and developing scalable blockchain indexers and data aggregators Designing and implementing data pipelines Have a substantial role in the design and implementation of large distributed systems Identifying and establishing best-in-class engineering practices across the company 100% remote, with company sponsored team gatherings a few times a year Competitive salary and equity packages of an early stage fast-growing startup Few meetings so you can focus on building Top-notch health/dental/vision with $0 premium for employees and highly subsidized for families Short-term disability, long-term disability, and life insurance New top Apple equipment Home internet stipend One time work from home stipend to get your workspace setup 