As an Android Software Engineer, youll be a part of one of our many product teams, working closely with other software engineers, product managers, and designers to prototype and build new features and experiences for the Life.Church app.Have you ever dreamed of combining your faith and love for technology? With more than 1 million installs of the Life.Church app, the Interactive team (a... ministry of Life.Church) is rapidly growing to help users leverage technology to take their next step in their walk with Christ. We are looking for an Android Engineer to work within an agile, Christ-centered team to build new app experiences and features inside the Life.Church app.The Interactive Team leverages technology to reach people worldwide, connecting them to our ministry and each other through our website, apps, and all Life.Church locations. Our apps serve our attenders by connecting them with our church and helping facilitate their growth as a fully devoted follower of Christ. It doesn't get much better than that!This role will also provide technical support and oversee contractors, vendors, and/or volunteers working within the Life.Church domain, ensure project tasks are well thought out, and developmental plans are documented and achieved. Youll be responsible for the end-to-end development of our Android applications and sharing our passion for new technology, research, and innovation.What You'll Do Prototype and build new features and experiences for the Life.Church app. Collaborate with various teams and team members to determine the technical approach and to organize development plans. Evaluate the complexity of tasks and provide realistic estimates of the effort and completion time. Manage the release process of any software changes. Provide technical support when software issues arise on an ongoing basis.Skills Needed to Succeed Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills to maintain relationships and partnerships. Have 1-3 years of native (Kotlin/Java) Android platform and technology experience. Find joy in making the complex simple. Interested in exploring the unique challenges of large-scale mobile apps. Clearly explain complicated and detailed processes in a concise and simple way. Ability to selfmotivate, take initiative, make independent decisions, and problem-solving. Ability to collaborate in a team environment and work independently. Bachelors degree, Computer Science, or related field, preferred.Benefits We Offer Paid parental leave, including maternity, paternity, and adoption leave. Generous employer-paid leave for the use of vacation, sick time, and other qualifying reasons. Innovative and comprehensive Medical, Dental, and Vision insurance that provides team members with useful resources and savings to navigate their holistic health. Life insurance policy provided for all staff members at 2x annual salary at no cost. Additional life insurance coverage is available to purchase. Short-Term and Long-Term disability covered at 100% for full-time qualified staff members. Comprehensive wellness and mental health benefits allow staff to proactively invest in their physical and emotional health. Generous 401(k) retirement plan allowing a team member to have up to 12.5% (including employee contribution, employer match, and employer discretionary contribution) contributed into their account in their first year. It doesnt stop therethe more years on staff, the greater the investment! $160 annually in development dollars for team members to invest in their professional growth. Casual dress and work environment. Flexible work schedule. And much more!Please include a portfolio or a link to your past work in development/engineering when submitting your application. (optional)Our Beliefs, Culture, and Commitment to DiversityAt Life.Church, every staff member, and intern is a minister and is expected to engage in the church's ministry fully. We consider ministry readiness and an individuals capacity to represent Life.Churchs beliefs as a minister during the selection process for all staff and intern positions. An essential function within every position held by a staff member or intern at Life.Church is to uphold and represent the beliefs of Life.Church. Learn more about what we believe at Life.Church.While we unite around our mission, we know unity doesnt mean uniformity. Our calling is too great, and our mission is too important not to be intentional about strengthening our team through diversity. We know that diverse perspectives in race, ethnicity, background, age, and gender are essential to reaching the world for Christ. To learn more about how we strengthen our team through diversity, visit our careers page.All data collected in our application process, from resume collection to application questions, is used for recruitment purposes only Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills to maintain relationships and partnerships Have 1-3 years of native (Kotlin/Java) Android platform and technology experience Find joy in making the complex simple Interested in exploring the unique challenges of large-scale mobile apps Clearly explain complicated and detailed processes in a concise and simple way Ability to selfmotivate, take initiative, make independent decisions, and problem-solving Ability to collaborate in a team environment and work independently This role will also provide technical support and oversee contractors, vendors, and/or volunteers working within the Life Church domain, ensure project tasks are well thought out, and developmental plans are documented and achieved Youll be responsible for the end-to-end development of our Android applications and sharing our passion for new technology, research, and innovation Prototype and build new features and experiences for the Life Collaborate with various teams and team members to determine the technical approach and to organize development plans Evaluate the complexity of tasks and provide realistic estimates of the effort and completion time Manage the release process of any software changes Provide technical support when software issues arise on an ongoing basis Paid parental leave, including maternity, paternity, and adoption leave Generous employer-paid leave for the use of vacation, sick time, and other qualifying reasons Innovative and comprehensive Medical, Dental, and Vision insurance that provides team members with useful resources and savings to navigate their holistic health Life insurance policy provided for all staff members at 2x annual salary at no cost Additional life insurance coverage is available to purchase Short-Term and Long-Term disability covered at 100% for full-time qualified staff members Comprehensive wellness and mental health benefits allow staff to proactively invest in their physical and emotional health Generous 401(k) retirement plan allowing a team member to have up to 12.5% (including employee contribution, employer match, and employer discretionary contribution) contributed into their account in their first year It doesnt stop therethe more years on staff, the greater the investment! $160 annually in development dollars for team members to invest in their professional growth Casual dress and work environment Flexible work schedule 