OverviewJBT is a diverse, global company with many needs for international management talent and great opportunities for experienced graduates. Our businesses are worldwide and opportunities are broad in scope...Start your career with us.Being a global company allows us to present you with a number of career opportunities. JBT is one of the largest solutions providers to the global food processing industry. The largest food processors within the fruit, vegetable, meat, poultry, seafood and bakery industries are among our customers.BENEFITS - Start from day 1!JBT Corporation offers the growth potential of a company with a developing technology that is unique in its field, plus frequent company-sponsored events and a competitive benefits package that includes: Medical, Dental, Vision coverage 401(k) plan with company match - up to 6.5% Company paid Short Term Disability, Long Term Disability, and Life Insurance Paid Parental Leave Paid Holidays Vacation pay Sick pay Tuition Reimbursement (*eligible after 2 years)Your software will be driving and supporting robotic water-jet cutting equipment and various JBT systems using computer vision for the food processing industry. You will be working with a multidisciplinary software team focusing on machine control and development on a real-time operating system. We are a fast-paced division of a large technology company, excited to work and experiment with new technologies. We have a wide range of opportunities including robotics, computer vision, and working with big data and machine learning for our customer-facing IoT platforms. Work in a small tight group where the responsibilities are broad, and the expectations are high. Were looking for a flexible, self-motivated candidate who can analyze problems, formulate and execute solutions with good judgement. You should be able to communicate well with people from different technical and non-technical backgrounds.ResponsibilitiesYour software will be driving and supporting robotic water-jet cutting equipment and various JBT systems using computer vision for the food processing industry. You will be working with a multidisciplinary software team focusing on machine control and development on a real-time operating system. We are a fast-paced division of a large technology company, excited to work and experiment with new technologies. We have a wide range of opportunities including robotics, computer vision, and working with big data and machine learning for our customer-facing IoT platforms. Work in a small tight group where the responsibilities are broad, and the expectations are high. Were looking for a flexible, self-motivated candidate who can analyze problems, formulate and execute solutions with good judgement. You should be able to communicate well with people from different technical and non-technical backgrounds. Lead software design, architecture, and implementation for platforms powering complex industrial systems. Develop, debug, and deliver custom software solutions for the industrial food processing industry. Work with technical leads to develop industrial software systems through the entire product life cycle, from inception and roadmap, through design and development, and into production. Work with cross-functional teams and partnering closely with mechanical, electrical, and software engineers to deliver fully integrated real-world solutions. Test and debug software on physical machines in a lab environment. Occasional travel to customer sites and other JBT offices.QualificationsEducation: Bachelors or masters degree in computer science or related technical field.Requirements: 5 years minimum experience in C/C++ development, debugging, testing, and system profiling. Strong understanding of real-time operating systems and experience developing software with real-time constraints. Experience in understanding hardware, interrupts, motion control, inter-process communication, multi-threading. Experience in object-oriented design and microservices architectures. Experience in socket programming and network communication. Experience in build automation and knowledge of CMake build processes. Experience with git version control system and branching strategies.Desired Skills: Experience in computer vision, image processing, object recognition. Experience in applied math and computational geometry. Experience in Linux kernel internals and device driver development. Experience developing embedded software for x86 platforms. Experience in industrial fieldbus systems, such as EtherCAT, SERCOS, etc. Experience in test automation. Experience in scripting.AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYERIt is the policy of JBT Corporation to provide equal opportunity for qualified persons and not to discriminate against any applicant for employment because of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status, citizenship, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law at the JBT Corporation location to which this application is submitted. In addition, as a Federal Government contractor, JBT Corporation is an affirmative action employer. If you require accommodation during the application process, please contact the local Human Resources department. EOE-Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with DisabilitiesIf you have a disability or impairment that prevents you from completing the online application, please seek the assistance of your local employment services agency. JBT maintains active relationships with local employment services agencies, and they have pledged their support in assisting any applicant needing help in applying. To find information on agencies throughout the United States, please go to www.careeronestop.orgYou may also call Susan Cotton at 844-286-4524 if your disability or impairment prevents you from applying online. NOTE: Do not use this number unless you need assistance because of a disability or impairment. The personnel attending this phone line will not be able to give you a status update regarding your application and will not be the individuals making a decision regarding your employment.#LI-CH1 Were looking for a flexible, self-motivated candidate who can analyze problems, formulate and execute solutions with good judgement You should be able to communicate well with people from different technical and non-technical backgrounds Education: Bachelors or masters degree in computer science or related technical field 5 years minimum experience in C/C++ development, debugging, testing, and system profiling Strong understanding of real-time operating systems and experience developing software with real-time constraints Experience in understanding hardware, interrupts, motion control, inter-process communication, multi-threading Experience in object-oriented design and microservices architectures Experience in socket programming and network communication Experience in build automation and knowledge of CMake build processes Experience with git version control system and branching strategies Your software will be driving and supporting robotic water-jet cutting equipment and various JBT systems using computer vision for the food processing industry You will be working with a multidisciplinary software team focusing on machine control and development on a real-time operating system Develop, debug, and deliver custom software solutions for the industrial food processing industry Work with technical leads to develop industrial software systems through the entire product life cycle, from inception and roadmap, through design and development, and into production Work with cross-functional teams and partnering closely with mechanical, electrical, and software engineers to deliver fully integrated real-world solutions Test and debug software on physical machines in a lab environment Occasional travel to customer sites and other JBT offices JBT Corporation offers the growth potential of a company with a developing technology that is unique in its field, plus frequent company-sponsored events and a competitive benefits package that includes: Medical, Dental, Vision coverage 401(k) plan with company match - up to 6.5% Company paid Short Term Disability, Long Term Disability, and Life Insurance Paid Parental Leave Paid Holidays Vacation pay Sick pay Tuition Reimbursement (*eligible after 2 years) 