Job DescriptionAt Boeing, we innovate and collaborate to make the world a better place. From the seabed to outer space, you can contribute to work that matters with a company where diversity, equity and inclusion are shared values. Were committed to fostering an environment for every teammate thats welcoming, respectful and inclusive, with great opportunity for professional growth. Find your... future with us.The Boeing Company is looking for a Senior Real-Time Software Engineer to join the Airborne Early Warning and Command (AEW&C) group located in Oklahoma City, OK. This position will focus on supporting the Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business organization. The selected candidate reports to the AEW&C Software Development Manager and will collaborate with a team of software engineers with a diverse set of backgrounds and skill levels to develop and maintain mission software for the AEW&C platform.Position Responsibilities: Leads activities to develop, document and maintain architectures, requirements, algorithms, interfaces and designs for software systems Leads development of code and integration of complex software components into a fully functional software system Develops software verification plans, test procedures and test environments, executing the test procedures and documenting test results to ensure software system requirements are met Provides technical leadership for software projects and leads software supplier management activities Leads development, selection, tailoring and deployment of processes, tools and metrics Plans, executes and documents software research and development projects Serves as a subject matter expert for software domains, system-specific issues, processes and regulations Tracks and evaluates software team and supplier performance to ensure product and process conformance to project plans and industry standards Works under minimal directionThis position is expected to be 100% onsite. The selected candidate will be required to work onsite at one of the listed location options.This position requires the ability to obtain a U.S. Security Clearance for which the U.S. Government requires U.S. Citizenship. An interim and/or final U.S. Secret Clearance Post-Start is required.Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience): Bachelor, Master or Doctorate of Science degree from an accredited course of study, in Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics or other technical degree 5 years or more of software engineering experiencePreferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience): Active security clearanceTypical Education/Experience:Education/experience typically acquired through advanced technical education from an accredited course of study in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry (e.g. Bachelor) and typically 9 or more years' related work experience or an equivalent combination of technical education and experience (e.g. PhD+4 years' related work experience, Master+7 years' related work experience). In the USA, ABET accreditation is the preferred, although not required, accreditation standard.Relocation:This position offers relocation based on candidate eligibility.Drug Free Workplace:Boeing is a Drug Free Workplace where post offer applicants and employees are subject to testing for marijuana, cocaine, opioids, amphetamines, PCP, and alcohol when criteria is met as outlined in our policies.Shift:This position is for 1st shift.At Boeing, we strive to deliver a Total Rewards package that will attract, engage and retain the top talent. Elements of the Total Rewards package include competitive base pay and variable compensation opportunities.The Boeing Company also provides eligible employees with an opportunity to enroll in a variety of benefit programs, generally including health insurance, flexible spending accounts, health savings accounts, retirement savings plans, life and disability insurance programs, and a number of programs that provide for both paid and unpaid time away from work.The specific programs and options available to any given employee may vary depending on eligibility factors such as geographic location, date of hire, and the applicability of collective bargaining agreements.Please note that the salary information shown below is a general guideline only. Salaries are based upon candidate experience and qualifications, as well as market and business considerations.Summary pay range: 113,900  154,100Export Control Requirements: U.S. Government Export Control Status: This position must meet export control compliance requirements. To meet export control compliance requirements, a U.S. Person as defined by 22 C.F.R. 120.15 is required. U.S. Person includes U.S. Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee.Export Control Details: US based job, US Person requiredEqual Opportunity Employer:Boeing is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law This position requires the ability to obtain a U.S. Security Clearance for which the U.S. Government requires U.S. Citizenship An interim and/or final U.S. Secret Clearance Post-Start is required Bachelor, Master or Doctorate of Science degree from an accredited course of study, in Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics or other technical degree 5 years or more of software engineering experience Education/experience typically acquired through advanced technical education from an accredited course of study in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry (e.g. Bachelor) and typically 9 or more years' related work experience or an equivalent combination of technical education and experience (e.g. PhD+4 years' related work experience, Master+7 years' related work experience) Export Control Requirements: U.S. Government Export Control Status: This position must meet export control compliance requirements To meet export control compliance requirements, a U.S. Person as defined by 22 C.F.R. 120.15 is required U.S. Person includes U.S. Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee The selected candidate reports to the AEW&C Software Development Manager and will collaborate with a team of software engineers with a diverse set of backgrounds and skill levels to develop and maintain mission software for the AEW&C platform Leads activities to develop, document and maintain architectures, requirements, algorithms, interfaces and designs for software systems Leads development of code and integration of complex software components into a fully functional software system Develops software verification plans, test procedures and test environments, executing the test procedures and documenting test results to ensure software system requirements are met Provides technical leadership for software projects and leads software supplier management activities Leads development, selection, tailoring and deployment of processes, tools and metrics Plans, executes and documents software research and development projects Serves as a subject matter expert for software domains, system-specific issues, processes and regulations Tracks and evaluates software team and supplier performance to ensure product and process conformance to project plans and industry standards Works under minimal direction Elements of the Total Rewards package include competitive base pay and variable compensation opportunities The Boeing Company also provides eligible employees with an opportunity to enroll in a variety of benefit programs, generally including health insurance, flexible spending accounts, health savings accounts, retirement savings plans, life and disability insurance programs, and a number of programs that provide for both paid and unpaid time away from work The specific programs and options available to any given employee may vary depending on eligibility factors such as geographic location, date of hire, and the applicability of collective bargaining agreements 