Ready to be a Titan? As a Software Engineer you will be part of the engineering team at ServicePro, a ServiceTitan company, that works together to help improve our products and build new ones. This is an exciting role for an engineer to come in and lead the major feature development in the rapidly growing startup. We build for perfection, use the most modern tools on Microsoft .NET platform, have... an amazing culture, and love to solve complex problems. If you share the same values, you might find yourself in a perfect company. What youll do: Architect, design, and implement user-facing features end-to-end Work with product managers, designers, and engineers to prototype and implement product features Communicate effectively with other engineers, product managers, customers, and partners. This role consists of 70% working on development and 30% working on requirements, mentorship, and supervision. What youll bring: 4+ years of industry experience Expert-level knowledge of: .Net C# Javascript (Angular, Knockout, JQuery) Linq MS SQL Ability to empathize with our users and champion for their experience. Ability to use data-driven approach for product decisions. Experience with A/B testing is a plus. Strong communication and technical writing skills Experience with Git, unit testing, debugging, profiling, Visual Studio, JIRA, and other tools that are typically used by developers on Microsoft technology stack. Be Human With Us: Being human isnt about checking every box on a list. Its about the experiences we have, people we meet, and the perspectives we share. So, if you have the skills but are hesitant to apply because of your background, apply anyway. We need amazing people like you to help us challenge the conventional and think differently about the problems that were solving. Were in this together. Come be human, with us. What We Offer: When you join our team, youre not just accepting a job. Youre making a career move. Heres how well support you in doing some of the most impactful work of your career: Flextime, recognition, and support for autonomous work: Flexible time off with ample learning and development opportunities to continue growing your career. We offer a comprehensive onboarding program, leadership training for Titans at all levels, and other programs and events. Great work is rewarded through Bonusly, peer-nominated awards, and more. Holistic health and wellness benefits: Company-paid medical, dental, and vision (with 100% employer paid options and 90% coverage for dependents), FSA and HSA, 401k match, and telehealth options including memberships to Headspace, Galileo, One Medical, Ginger and more. Support for Titans at all stages of life: Parental leave and support, up to $20k in adoption reimbursement, on demand maternity support through Maven Maternity, free breast milk shipping through Maven Milk, pet insurance, legal advisory services, financial planning tools, and more. At ServiceTitan, we celebrate individuality and uniqueness. We believe that the convergence of fresh perspectives and experiences from all walks of life is what makes our product and culture so great. We strongly encourage people from underrepresented groups to apply. We do not discriminate against employees based on race, color, religion, sex, national origin, gender identity or expression, age, disability, pregnancy (including childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical condition), genetic information, protected military or veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. ServiceTitan is committed to fair and equitable compensation for all of our employees. We thoughtfully consider a wide range of factors when determining individual compensation. The expected salary range for this role is between $83,000 - $119,000. Actual compensation for an individual may vary depending on skills, performance over time, qualifications, experience, and location. In addition to the base salary, the total compensation package also includes an annual bonus, equity and a holistic suite of benefits. Were building the first end-to-end solution to transform the trades, a trillion-dollar global industry thats been underserved by technology for far too long. Recognized by Forbes as one of the top cloud companies, we use our deep industry knowledge and technical expertise to develop solutions that empower everyday entrepreneurs to grow and scale their businesses. While our vision is bold, we always stay humble. Join us. Were just getting started What youll bring: 4+ years of industry experience Expert-level knowledge of: .Net C# Javascript (Angular, Knockout, JQuery) Linq MS SQL Ability to empathize with our users and champion for their experience Ability to use data-driven approach for product decisions Strong communication and technical writing skills Experience with Git, unit testing, debugging, profiling, Visual Studio, JIRA, and other tools that are typically used by developers on Microsoft technology stack What youll do: Architect, design, and implement user-facing features end-to-end Work with product managers, designers, and engineers to prototype and implement product features Communicate effectively with other engineers, product managers, customers, and partners This role consists of 70% working on development and 30% working on requirements, mentorship, and supervision Heres how well support you in doing some of the most impactful work of your career: Flextime, recognition, and support for autonomous work: Flexible time off with ample learning and development opportunities to continue growing your career We offer a comprehensive onboarding program, leadership training for Titans at all levels, and other programs and events Holistic health and wellness benefits: Company-paid medical, dental, and vision (with 100% employer paid options and 90% coverage for dependents), FSA and HSA, 401k match, and telehealth options including memberships to Headspace, Galileo, One Medical, Ginger and more Support for Titans at all stages of life: Parental leave and support, up to $20k in adoption reimbursement, on demand maternity support through Maven Maternity, free breast milk shipping through Maven Milk, pet insurance, legal advisory services, financial planning tools, and more The expected salary range for this role is between $83,000 - $119,000 Actual compensation for an individual may vary depending on skills, performance over time, qualifications, experience, and location In addition to the base salary, the total compensation package also includes an annual bonus, equity and a holistic suite of benefits 