What we're looking forMarco is hiring a senior full-stack engineering leader. You'll partner with our CTO, Nick Freeman, and Head of Design to drive products our consumers love and scale an automated experiences marketplace that brings 600+ companies and 60,000+ employees together. As the lead product engineer, you'll be writing the playbook for the future of work...We know that many engineers are the happiest and do their best work when they're empowered to build on their own schedule. If this sounds like a fit, we'd love to hear from you!Responsibilities As an experienced product thinker, help guide our overall strategy through design, customer feedback, and launch. Work side-by-side with user-facing teams (Sales, Partnerships, CX) to best understand the needs of our customers and experience hosts. Own problems end-to-end, thinking through everything from user experience, data models, scalability, operability and ongoing metrics. Defining metrics and making data driven decisions.Qualifications 4+ years as a software engineer developing complex applications. 2+ years experience building and driving consumer products from start to finish. The ability to self-start given only a high-level direction and work autonomously to deliver great software at very high throughput. Strong attention to product UI/UX; a burning desire to ensure the things you create look and feel great. Fast execution: You have a bias for action and a preference for doing the simple thing first. Within 4 hours of EST time.Required Expertise TypeScript React SQLBonus Skills Node.js (Next.js) Figma Postgres Great writing skills 4+ years as a software engineer developing complex applications 2+ years experience building and driving consumer products from start to finish The ability to self-start given only a high-level direction and work autonomously to deliver great software at very high throughput Strong attention to product UI/UX; a burning desire to ensure the things you create look and feel great Fast execution: You have a bias for action and a preference for doing the simple thing first Within 4 hours of EST time TypeScript React SQL Postgres Great writing skills As an experienced product thinker, help guide our overall strategy through design, customer feedback, and launch Work side-by-side with user-facing teams (Sales, Partnerships, CX) to best understand the needs of our customers and experience hosts Own problems end-to-end, thinking through everything from user experience, data models, scalability, operability and ongoing metrics Defining metrics and making data driven decisions 