DescriptionPurpose...We are looking for a full-stack .NET Software Engineer, Senior to join the Core Systems team under App Engineering Department in UPMC Payer Application to contribute to the effort of architecting, designing, developing, and enhancing various application(s) (from scratch or an existing) to support the evolving business needs of UPMC HealthPlan. An ideal candidate should be a self-starter, have a deep understanding of the technologies outlined below, and be willing/capable to help/lead to address issues across multiple teams/technologies. 100% Work from Home Opportunity!!Responsibilities: Integration - Responsible for more complex integration between modules. Troubleshooting - Solve multiple issues concurrently. Coordinate, delegate, and mentor less experienced staff with issue resolution. Documentation - Create detail-oriented documentation that outlines new and moderately complex processes. Responsible for quality and validity of documentation. Security - Validate and review secure processes and protocols. Ensure that processes/protocols are followed by junior level staff. Project Management - Has ownership in success of projects. Responsible for estimating and delivering on individual task within project. Shows the ability to be responsible for project timelines. Software Solutions - Develop, validate and implement software solutions based on customer requirements, Enterprise architecture standards and defined project designs. Quality - Demonstrate the ability to conduct code review of others. Application Development Cycle - Demonstrate the understanding of multiple SDLCs. Design - Implement the overall system design. Exhibit awareness of user experience standards. Communication - Responsible for demonstrating appropriate, clear, concise, and effective written and oral communications in all interactions to build relationships and accomplish day to day work and projects. Self-Development - Responsible for continuous self-study, trainings, partnering with more senior members of team, and/or seeking out opportunities to broaden scope to stay up to date with industry and organizational trends. Seeks feedback from senior team members for development and effectively incorporates feedback into work and behaviors. Interactions with Others - Successfully completes projects, tasks, and initiatives by embracing a team-first approach. Works in collaboration with team and offers feedback, where appropriate, to complete individual and group efforts. Shows the ability to adjust and be flexible to change by adapting approach when necessary. Mentors less experienced staff.Qualifications Typically has 5+ years of related work experience. Experience with complex development environments, taking abstract concepts and ideas and formulating a detailed software deliverable Experience in developing on cross-functional systems. Deep knowledge of developing complete systems. Mastery of the SDLC. Highly driven and self-motivated to exceed expectations. Ability to work independently and demonstrated ability to lead in a team-based environment. Proficient in both oral and written communicationMust Have Experience: NET, C# and Microsoft server-side technologies Experience with AngularJS version 2-7, TypeScript, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, bootstrap Capable of designing and consuming REST APIs Good experience with SQL Server and T-SQL Experience with source control systems such as TFS/VSTS (Azure DevOps), SVN or Git Experience working in Agile/Scrum and Waterfall development methodology. Ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams to deliver project goals. Ability to design and develop complex solutions that meet requirements and timeline. Experience of the object-oriented concepts, design patterns, clean coding, code refactoring, code review practices, and creating automated unit tests Experience with complex development environments, taking abstract concepts and ideas and formulating a detailed software deliverable.Preferred Experience: Prior Healthcare domain experience Deep understanding of .NET Core, Entity Framework Core ASP.NET WebAPI experience Microsoft Azure, AWS or related cloud experience Experience in SAFe Non-RDBMS experienceWork from Home Opportunity!!Licensure, Certifications, and Clearances:UPMC is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veteran An ideal candidate should be a self-starter, have a deep understanding of the technologies outlined below, and be willing/capable to help/lead to address issues across multiple teams/technologies Typically has 5+ years of related work experience Experience with complex development environments, taking abstract concepts and ideas and formulating a detailed software deliverable Experience in developing on cross-functional systems Deep knowledge of developing complete systems Mastery of the SDLC Highly driven and self-motivated to exceed expectations Ability to work independently and demonstrated ability to lead in a team-based environment Proficient in both oral and written communication Must Have Experience: NET, C# and Microsoft server-side technologies Experience with AngularJS version 2-7, TypeScript, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, bootstrap Capable of designing and consuming REST APIs Good experience with SQL Server and T-SQL Experience with source control systems such as TFS/VSTS (Azure DevOps), SVN or Git Experience working in Agile/Scrum and Waterfall development methodology Ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams to deliver project goals Ability to design and develop complex solutions that meet requirements and timeline Experience of the object-oriented concepts, design patterns, clean coding, code refactoring, code review practices, and creating automated unit tests NET WebAPI experience Microsoft Azure, AWS or related cloud experience Experience in SAFe Integration - Responsible for more complex integration between modules Troubleshooting - Solve multiple issues concurrently Coordinate, delegate, and mentor less experienced staff with issue resolution Documentation - Create detail-oriented documentation that outlines new and moderately complex processes Responsible for quality and validity of documentation Security - Validate and review secure processes and protocols Ensure that processes/protocols are followed by junior level staff Project Management - Has ownership in success of projects Responsible for estimating and delivering on individual task within project Shows the ability to be responsible for project timelines Software Solutions - Develop, validate and implement software solutions based on customer requirements, Enterprise architecture standards and defined project designs Quality - Demonstrate the ability to conduct code review of others Application Development Cycle - Demonstrate the understanding of multiple SDLCs Design - Implement the overall system design Communication - Responsible for demonstrating appropriate, clear, concise, and effective written and oral communications in all interactions to build relationships and accomplish day to day work and projects Self-Development - Responsible for continuous self-study, trainings, partnering with more senior members of team, and/or seeking out opportunities to broaden scope to stay up to date with industry and organizational trends Seeks feedback from senior team members for development and effectively incorporates feedback into work and behaviors Interactions with Others - Successfully completes projects, tasks, and initiatives by embracing a team-first approach Works in collaboration with team and offers feedback, where appropriate, to complete individual and group efforts Shows the ability to adjust and be flexible to change by adapting approach when necessary 