Position Summary...What you'll do...Imagine working in an environment where one line of code can make life easier for hundreds of millions of people and put a smile on their face. Thats what we do at Walmart Global Tech. Were a team of 15,000+ software engineers, data scientists and service professionals within Walmart, the worlds largest retailer, delivering innovations that improve how our customers shop and empower our 2.2 million associates. To others, innovation looks like an app, service, or some code, but Walmart has always been about people. People are why we innovate, and people power our innovations. We are now taking that concept and continued passion in healthcare.As part of Walmart's Clinical Support Team, you will be building highly scalable and reliable Imaging and Informatics systems, modality services, and clinical applications which will drive the next generation of efficient dataflow and autotomized processes directly impacting the patient experience. Youll independently handle high impact, critical software/systems monitoring issues, troubleshoot business and production issues. As a member of this fast-moving and highly knowledgeable team, you will be able to say that you work for the worlds largest retailer and now healthcare provider. Contributing directly to innovation and development to best-in-class methodologies that impacted perception and drastically changed the healthcare business as we know it.Youll make an impact by: Design & develop highly scalable PACS/Device support and services in healthcare while solving complex software systems problems by leveraging state-of-the-art technology Gain exposure to various emerging technologies used in imaging informatics and clinical support platforms. Provide technical direction, clinical workflow understanding and expertise to the team. Lead by example. Show your chops as an exceptional and experienced Clinical I.T. support staff. Drive Walmart Health security, privacy, quality assurance and validation testing within the clinical support team. Participate in medium- to large-scale, complex, cross-functional projects by reviewing project, product and business requirements; translating requirements into technical solutions; gathering requested information (for example, design documents, product requirement); designing robust and scalable architectures; writing and developing code; conducting unit testing; communicating status and issues to team members and stakeholders; collaborating with cross functional teams; troubleshooting open issues and bug-fixes; enhancing design to prevent re-occurrences of defects; ensuring on-time delivery. Providing high quality technical support and customer service to customers. Answers customer requests by handling phone calls, support tickets, emails and voicemailsSuccess Factors: Associates in I.T. or healthcare support related field with 2 years of experience or without degree 5+ years of clinical informatics experience. Certifications in PARCA, ABII or SIIMs supported workgroup is a plus. Experience with and PACS/EMR/RIS/HIS or various modality/clinical devices. Experience working on teams and implementing in a collaborative Agile approach Experience with EMR integration and data interoperability, specifically with Epic is a plus. Knowledge of health data exchange standards (such as HL7, FHIR, EDI, CDA, etc.), DICOM standard, tagging and DICOM data migrations. Knowledge of infrastructure/networking, clinical devices and workflows, clinical setup and support. Experience with healthcare information systems implementations around clinical workflow and DICOM/Hl7 dataflow. Knowledge of developing and AD group integrations with clinical software and SSO. Foundational knowledge of cloud architecture (Azure) Understanding of Privacy and HIPAA enforcements in dealing with healthcare data and dataflow. Ability to coordinate, lead and solve clinical I.T. problems while identifying any workflow or training gaps. Individuals will need to be able to ask the right questions and solve complex problems with assistance.Team Essentials:Essential: 1. Follows established I.T. support policies and procedures. Follows Walmart Health. and Support Center procedures in handling customer issues and requests. Demonstrates a full understanding of all I.T. policies governing the use of organization computer systems. Explains to the customer the rationale for why a particular I.T. policy or procedure exists. Writing and maintaining I.T. Support Center general knowledge documentationEssential: 2. Demonstrates technical proficiency. Demonstrates a good understanding of the desktop software tools used in the organization and how they can be applied to meet business needs Maintains appropriate levels of technical expertise to provide effective and timely support of organizational systems and applications. Identifies common causes that exists in multiple reported incidents as a trouble analysis technique Updates the Walmart Health Support Center Knowledge Base Develops and maintains documentation for technical troubleshooting and customer instructionsEssential: 3. Provides computer account security tasks Resets user application passwords based on I.T. policies and procedures Practices preventative I.T. Security conduct and notifies the Support Center Supervisor of potential I.T. security incidents Recognizes and logs I.T. Security incidents. Enforces UVMMC and UVMHN I.T. security policies and procedures and educates customers as necessary on best practices in I.T. Security.The above information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed in the role. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. The full Job Description can be made available as part of the hiring process.Benefits & Perks:Beyond competitive pay, you can receive incentive awards for your performance. Other great perks include 401(k) match, stock purchase plan, paid maternity and parental leave, PTO, multiple health plans, and much more.Equal Opportunity EmployerWalmart, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer  By Choice. We believe we are best equipped to help our associates, customers and the communities we serve live better when we really know them. That means understanding, respecting and valuing diversity- unique styles, experiences, identities, ideas and opinions  while being inclusive of all people.Minimum Qualifications...Outlined below are the required minimum qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no minimum qualifications.Option 1: Bachelor's degree in computer science, computer engineering, computer information systems, software engineering, or related area and 2 years experience in software engineering or related area.Option 2: 4 years experience in software engineering or related area.Preferred Qualifications...Outlined below are the optional preferred qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no preferred qualifications.Hardware assembly, maintenance, or support, Information technology or related field within the past 5 years, Project Design, Troubleshooting and code analysis, Working with common programming languages (for example, C++, Pearl, Visual Basic), Working with TeamForgeMasters: Computer SciencePrimary Location...110 MIDTOWN SHOPPING CENTER., BENTONVILLE, AR 72716-0001, United States of America Associates in I.T. or healthcare support related field with 2 years of experience or without degree 5+ years of clinical informatics experience Experience with and PACS/EMR/RIS/HIS or various modality/clinical devices Experience working on teams and implementing in a collaborative Agile approach Knowledge of health data exchange standards (such as HL7, FHIR, EDI, CDA, etc.), DICOM standard, tagging and DICOM data migrations Experience with healthcare information systems implementations around clinical workflow and DICOM/Hl7 dataflow Knowledge of developing and AD group integrations with clinical software and SSO Foundational knowledge of cloud architecture (Azure) Understanding of Privacy and HIPAA enforcements in dealing with healthcare data and dataflow Option 1: Bachelor's degree in computer science, computer engineering, computer information systems, software engineering, or related area and 2 years experience in software engineering or related area Hardware assembly, maintenance, or support, Information technology or related field within the past 5 years, Project Design, Troubleshooting and code analysis, Working with common programming languages (for example, C++, Pearl, Visual Basic), Working with TeamForge Masters: Computer Science Youll independently handle high impact, critical software/systems monitoring issues, troubleshoot business and production issues Design & develop highly scalable PACS/Device support and services in healthcare while solving complex software systems problems by leveraging state-of-the-art technology Gain exposure to various emerging technologies used in imaging informatics and clinical support platforms Provide technical direction, clinical workflow understanding and expertise to the team Lead by example Show your chops as an exceptional and experienced Clinical I.T. support staff Drive Walmart Health security, privacy, quality assurance and validation testing within the clinical support team Participate in medium- to large-scale, complex, cross-functional projects by reviewing project, product and business requirements; translating requirements into technical solutions; gathering requested information (for example, design documents, product requirement); designing robust and scalable architectures; writing and developing code; conducting unit testing; communicating status and issues to team members and stakeholders; collaborating with cross functional teams; troubleshooting open issues and bug-fixes; enhancing design to prevent re-occurrences of defects; ensuring on-time delivery Providing high quality technical support and customer service to customers Answers customer requests by handling phone calls, support tickets, emails and voicemails Follows established I.T. support policies and procedures and Support Center procedures in handling customer issues and requests Demonstrates a full understanding of all I.T. policies governing the use of organization computer systems Explains to the customer the rationale for why a particular I.T. policy or procedure exists Writing and maintaining I.T. Support Center general knowledge documentation Identifies common causes that exists in multiple reported incidents as a trouble analysis technique Updates the Walmart Health Support Center Knowledge Base Develops and maintains documentation for technical troubleshooting and customer instructions Provides computer account security tasks Resets user application passwords based on I.T. policies and procedures Practices preventative I.T. Security conduct and notifies the Support Center Supervisor of potential I.T. security incidents Recognizes and logs I.T. Security incidents Enforces UVMMC and UVMHN I.T. security policies and procedures and educates customers as necessary on best practices in I.T. Security Beyond competitive pay, you can receive incentive awards for your performance Other great perks include 401(k) match, stock purchase plan, paid maternity and parental leave, PTO, multiple health plans, and much more 