WHO ARE WE?We all need water; Waterly is revolutionizing the world of Water Treatment Plants and Wastewater Treatment Plants...We are on a mission to modernize Water Operators' lives transitioning from paper and clipboard to digital water management utilizing IoT devices and SCADA systems. We enable Operators to gain insights into trending data, and generate operational and regulatory reports with ease. Our passion is for small to medium communities (population 1,00 to 250,000) who desire to digitize. With a 5-10% MoM growth, we currently have customers in 7 states and are excited to be rolling out to 16 states by the end of 2022!Waterly is positioned to take advantage of upcoming regulatory changes due to the increasing global (including US) water shortage, as well as emerging trends in automation, IoT, and smart-city initiatives as they move into smaller municipalities.ROLE WERE HIRINGWe are hiring an awesome Senior JavaScript/TypeScript developer to join us in building both our frontend React app and backend TypeScript Node application!Our software team is growing, and we are currently a team of three; youll be working remotely alongside our CTO, Senior Developer, and mid-level Software Developer. If you're located in the Chicagoland or Indianapolis area, well get to meet up in person more often!Ideally, youll be familiar with React, TypeScript, Node, Postgress and have a curriosity in DevOps or Kubernetes -- but so long as youre well versed in TypeScript and have a curious mind, youll pick up things no problem. We believe nobody starts in a role as an expert. Were here to learn, grow, and build amazing software.Looking at our roadmap, here are example projects you may work on with the team: Helping build a visual dashboard that provides Water Operators visibility and insight into data entry progress and surface data problems (such as missing data, out of range values, etc.). Likely using D3.js or other visual libraries. Helping build multithreaded/distributed backend services to process our many calculations from Operator inputs. Helping build a more robust report system with e-signatures suitable for government submittal and archival functionality so that Operators may retrieve historical filed reports. Building broader support of IoT enabled equipment that live streams data into Waterly through our WaterClick partner network.This is just a taste; we have many exciting projects and problems to solve as we continue to scale and build impactful features.Our current tech stack:TypeScript / React / MaterialUI / Apollo GraphQL / TypeORM / Node / NX / .Net / Postgres / Auth0 / Docker / Kubernetes / AzureWHO ARE WE LOOKING FOR?As a Senior Developer, we would expect you to participate in planning features with both with technical and customer empathy. Youll likely have 6+ years of experience, but we care less about years and more about your personal growth, projects youve worked on, and teams youve worked with. We dont expect you to know much about water per-se, but you should be interested in learning!Were looking for individuals who are curious, love to learn, and compassionate. We believe in assuming positive intent. We therefore believe in kind, open, growth-focused ideas and feedback. We deeply desire to see teammates succeed in reaching their potential. We love to celebrate individuals, team, and customer successes. We favor readable code over clever code. We trust each other and learn from each other. We strive only to be good busy. We therefore also value a healthy work-life balance with an emphasis on life. We believe our work should be fun.WHAT IS THE SALARY & BENEFITS?We pay our Senior Software Engineers $95,000 - 140,000 depending on their skills, demonstrated effectiveness, and demonstrated potential impact.We offer healthcare, vision, basic life insurance, short & long-term disability, and basic dental benefits. We cover 100% of the employees healthcare premium. We have a 401k plan with a match. We provide a generous paid time off plan, which does not include company holidays. We provide a $2,000 laptop stipend and will reimburse you for Internet and phone usage as well. Candidates that demonstrate leadership and driving consistent value to the organization will qualify for equity consideration commensurate with impact after 12 months of employment.We encourage meeting our customers, going on tours of Water / Wastewater Treatment Plants and attending Water Conferences to grow our collective knowledge and appreciation for water!HOW TO APPLYRight here on Angle List!EQUAL OPPORTUNITYWaterly is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We provide equal employment opportunities to individuals who are qualified to perform job requirements regardless of their race, color, sex, religion, national origin, citizenship status, age, physical or mental disability, veteran, sexual orientation, gender presentation, or other legally protected status.Waterly focuses on Water and Utilities. Their company has offices in Indianapolis and Crystal Lake. They have a small team that's between 1-10 employees.You can view their website at https://www.waterlyapp.com or find them on LinkedIn Ideally, youll be familiar with React, TypeScript, Node, Postgress and have a curriosity in DevOps or Kubernetes -- but so long as youre well versed in TypeScript and have a curious mind, youll pick up things no problem Youll likely have 6+ years of experience, but we care less about years and more about your personal growth, projects youve worked on, and teams youve worked with Helping build a visual dashboard that provides Water Operators visibility and insight into data entry progress and surface data problems (such as missing data, out of range values, etc.). Likely using D3.js or other visual libraries Helping build multithreaded/distributed backend services to process our many calculations from Operator inputs Helping build a more robust report system with e-signatures suitable for government submittal and archival functionality so that Operators may retrieve historical filed reports We pay our Senior Software Engineers $95,000 - 140,000 depending on their skills, demonstrated effectiveness, and demonstrated potential impact We offer healthcare, vision, basic life insurance, short & long-term disability, and basic dental benefits We cover 100% of the employees healthcare premium We have a 401k plan with a match We provide a generous paid time off plan, which does not include company holidays We provide a $2,000 laptop stipend and will reimburse you for Internet and phone usage as well 