Description The Senior Software Engineer will be part of the Modernization Engineering team with the chance to influence the decisions of modernizing Humana's critical platforms. Software Engineers within the Modernization team are trusted to own major parts of the codebase and expected to thrive as a leader in defining and solving problems, with support from your peers. You will help develop cloud native solutions, leveraging AWS/Azure cloud platform APIs and Services and are able to code in languages and frameworks that fit into that ecosystem  .Net Core (C#), and Java. In addition, our cloud native automation infrastructure allows you to quickly deploy and iterate on your code. Responsibilities We believe that both a high-quality team and high-quality code are critical pieces of our mission. You'll be responsible for building solutions that further Humana's vision of leveraging technology to simplify healthcare and improve health outcomes of the communities we serve. The tech... modernization initiative is envisioned to be a modern high-fidelity information superhighway that integrates with a multitude of data sources and presents data in the right grain timely. You'll design data models, build APIs, and orchestrate the flow of data across Humana systems and platform. Youll help us build an enterprise scale microservices architecture along with streaming technologies that will help scale all of our capabilities to those that we serve. Working closely with the leads and the architecture team, you will focus on building new platforms with both small and large new features and iterate through smaller enhancements that integrate across a variety of channels. Lastly, you will work with the analytics team to build a feedback loop to constantly improve on what weve already built Duties: Responsible for designing software applications utilizing Micro services and API architecture Develop, test and support services that allow integration between various different software applications Deliver all applications with Cloud first mindset, following Agile methodology Implement Developer Efficiency Index like Unit Test Coverage, automated packaging and deployment standards Adhere to all IT Risk and compliance standards, ensuring all software applications are built with highest standards and free to any known vulnerabilities Mentor junior software engineers on latest technology stack implemented by the team Required Qualifications Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field 5+ years of Software Development experience in at least one of the following languages: C# (.Net Core) or Java 3+ years of experience building APIs, micro-services and streaming technologies with integrations spanning multitude of back-ends. 1+ year of experience building cloud native solutions, preferably AWS cloud technologies with Kinesis, Event Bridge, AWS API gateway, Apigee and EKS Hands-on experience building production-grade highly scalable microservices/streaming architecture with good knowledge of data engineering methodologies and best practices in DevSecOps Analytical mind with problem-solving aptitude Must be passionate about contributing to an organization focused on continuously improving consumer experiences Preferred Qualifications Analytical mind with problem-solving aptitude Strong communication skills with ability to interact with business and customer representatives BA/BS in Computer Science or any STEM field Scheduled Weekly Hours 40 Description The Senior Software Engineer will be part of the Modernization Engineering team with the chance to influence the decisions of modernizing Humana's critical platforms. Software Engineers within the Modernization team are trusted to own major parts of the codebase and expected to thrive as a leader in defining and solving problems, with support from your peers. You will help develop cloud native solutions, leveraging AWS/Azure cloud platform APIs and Services and are able to code in languages and frameworks that fit into that ecosystem  .Net Core (C#), and Java. In addition, our cloud native automation infrastructure allows you to quickly deploy and iterate on your code. Responsibilities We believe that both a high-quality team and high-quality code are critical pieces of our mission. You'll be responsible for building solutions that further Humana's vision of leveraging technology to simplify healthcare and improve health outcomes of the communities we serve. The tech... modernization initiative is envisioned to be a modern high-fidelity information superhighway that integrates with a multitude of data sources and presents data in the right grain timely. You'll design data models, build APIs, and orchestrate the flow of data across Humana systems and platform. Youll help us build an enterprise scale microservices architecture along with streaming technologies that will help scale all of our capabilities to those that we serve. Working closely with the leads and the architecture team, you will focus on building new platforms with both small and large new features and iterate through smaller enhancements that integrate across a variety of channels. Lastly, you will work with the analytics team to build a feedback loop to constantly improve on what weve already built Duties: Responsible for designing software applications utilizing Micro services and API architecture Develop, test and support services that allow integration between various different software applications Deliver all applications with Cloud first mindset, following Agile methodology Implement Developer Efficiency Index like Unit Test Coverage, automated packaging and deployment standards Adhere to all IT Risk and compliance standards, ensuring all software applications are built with highest standards and free to any known vulnerabilities Mentor junior software engineers on latest technology stack implemented by the team Required Qualifications Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field 5+ years of Software Development experience in at least one of the following languages: C# (.Net Core) or Java 3+ years of experience building APIs, micro-services and streaming technologies with integrations spanning multitude of back-ends. 1+ year of experience building cloud native solutions, preferably AWS cloud technologies with Kinesis, Event Bridge, AWS API gateway, Apigee and EKS Hands-on experience building production-grade highly scalable microservices/streaming architecture with good knowledge of data engineering methodologies and best practices in DevSecOps Analytical mind with problem-solving aptitude Must be passionate about contributing to an organization focused on continuously improving consumer experiences Preferred Qualifications Analytical mind with problem-solving aptitude Strong communication skills with ability to interact with business and customer representatives BA/BS in Computer Science or any STEM field Scheduled Weekly Hours 40 