We, at Leggett & Platt Inc., are searching for a Software Engineer Intern within our Machinery team to help support our Bedding business in Carthage, MO. Did you know we have been revolutionizing the sleep industry since 1883? Thats right! In fact, we hold the original patent on a spiral steel coil bed spring, filed way back in 1885. Since then, we have been an industry leader in guaranteeing... you get the best sleep possible. If you join our team, your work will ensure people across the world have a little more comfort in their lives.As a Software Engineer Intern you will have the opportunity to help design software for machines, innovating the way we work. The team you will be working with is collaborative, and values pushing each other to grow through mentorship.For more informaiton about out GSG (Global Systems Group), please visit www.GSGcompanies.com.So, what will you be doing as a Software Engineer Intern? Interacting with programmers on a project and take direction, but also take ownership of project Problem solving to bring project to completion Design, program, and troubleshooting of prototype and existing machines, HMI Design and program coordinated motion systems Perform engineering calculationTo be successful in this role, youll need: Working toward Bachelor of Science in Computer Science Programming Experience Hands on experience in troubleshooting servo systems, electro-mechanical systems and/or test engineering Ability to manage multiple projects concurrently Ability to communicate technical information to non-technical departments Self-motivated, organized, and have attention to detailThings we consider a plus: Knowledge in: MS Operating systems Internet of Things (IoT) MS Visual Basic, MS Visual C++, MS C# OPC Server MS Databases Network ArchitectureWhat to Do NextNow that youve had a chance to learn more about us, what are you waiting for! Apply today and allow us the opportunity to learn more about you and the value you can bring to our team. Once you apply, be sure to create a profile, and sign up for job alerts, so you can be the first to know when new opportunities become available.Our ValuesOur values speak to our shared beliefs, and describe how we approach working together. Put People First reflects our commitment to safety and care of each other, learning and development, and creating an inclusive environment of mutual respect, empathy and belonging. Do the Right Thing focuses us on acting with honesty and integrity, delivering the results the right way, taking pride in our work, and speaking the truth  good or bad. Do Great WorkTogether occurs when we engage without hierarchy, collaborate as a team, embrace challenges, and work for the good of all of us. Take Ownership and Raise the Bar demonstrates our responsibility to add value and make a difference, challenge the status quo and biases to make things better, foster innovative and creative solutions to drive impact, and explore new perspectives and embrace change.Our Commitment to YouWe're actively taking steps to make sure our culture is inclusive and that our processes and practices promote equity for all. Leggett & Platt is comprised of people of all abilities, gender identities and expressions, ages, ethnicities, sexual orientations, veteran status, and more. Join us!We welcome and encourage applications if you meet the minimum qualifications. Even if you do not meet the preferred qualifications, wed love the opportunity to consider you.Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action/Veteran/Disability EmployerFor more information about how we handle your personal data in connection with our recruiting processes, please refer to the Recruiting Privacy Notice on the Privacy Notice tab located at http://privacy.leggett.com Working toward Bachelor of Science in Computer Science Programming Experience Hands on experience in troubleshooting servo systems, electro-mechanical systems and/or test engineering Ability to manage multiple projects concurrently Ability to communicate technical information to non-technical departments Self-motivated, organized, and have attention to detail MS Operating systems MS Visual Basic, MS Visual C++, MS C# Interacting with programmers on a project and take direction, but also take ownership of project Problem solving to bring project to completion Design, program, and troubleshooting of prototype and existing machines, HMI Design and program coordinated motion systems Perform engineering calculation 