DescriptionPurpose...Under the direction of management and more senior members of the team, the Software Engineer - Senior will contribute to the overall Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) by independently completing projects and tasks by meeting established quality measures.. Will be part of the HPLAN APP Engineering department within UPMC IT Division. The Software Engineer - Senior will be able to expand their role into defining and leading new software projects which will deliver significant impact. The focus of this position will be to reach a mastery level of the technology stack and mentor less experienced team members. 100% Work From Home Opportunity!!!Responsibilities: Integration - Responsible for more complex integration between modules. Troubleshooting - Solve multiple issues concurrently. Coordinate, delegate, and mentor less experienced staff with issue resolution. Documentation - Create detail-oriented documentation that outlines new and moderately complex processes. Responsible for quality and validity of documentation. Functional Requirements Gathering & Analysis. Security - Validate and review secure processes and protocols. Ensure that processes/protocols are followed by junior level staff. Project Management - Has ownership in success of projects. Responsible for estimating and delivering on individual task within project. Shows the ability to be responsible for project timelines. Agile/SCRUM methodology. Software Solutions - Develop, validate and implement software solutions based on customer requirements, Enterprise architecture standards and defined project designs. Quality - Demonstrate the ability to conduct code review of others. Application Development Cycle - Demonstrate the understanding of multiple SDLCs. Design - Implement the overall system design. Exhibit awareness of user experience standards.Responsive Web Design & Development. Efficient Algorithm Design Communication - Responsible for demonstrating appropriate, clear, concise, and effective written and oral communications in all interactions to build relationships and accomplish day to day work and projects. Self Development - Responsible for continuous self-study, trainings, partnering with more senior members of team, and/or seeking out opportunities to broaden scope to stay up to date with industry and organizational trends. Seeks feedback from senior team members for development and effectively incorporates feedback into work and behaviors. Interactions with Others - Successfully completes projects, tasks, and initiatives by embracing a team-first approach. Works in collaboration with team and offers feedback, where appropriate, to complete individual and group efforts. Shows the ability to adjust and be flexible to change by adapting approach when necessary. Mentors less experienced staff. Security - Validate and review secure processes and protocols. Ensure that processes/protocols are followed by junior level staff. Project Management - Has ownership in success of projects. Responsible for estimating and delivering on individual task within project. Shows the ability to be responsible for project timelines. Agile/SCRUM methodology. Software Solutions - Develop, validate and implement software solutions based on customer requirements, Enterprise architecture standards and defined project designs. Quality - Demonstrate the ability to conduct code review of others. Application Development Cycle - Demonstrate the understanding of multiple SDLCs. Design - Implement the overall system design. Exhibit awareness of user experience standards.Responsive Web Design & Development. Efficient Algorithm Design Communication - Responsible for demonstrating appropriate, clear, concise, and effective written and oral communications in all interactions to build relationships and accomplish day to day work and projects. Self Development - Responsible for continuous self-study, trainings, partnering with more senior members of team, and/or seeking out opportunities to broaden scope to stay up to date with industry and organizational trends. Seeks feedback from senior team members for development and effectively incorporates feedback into work and behaviors. Interactions with Others - Successfully completes projects, tasks, and initiatives by embracing a team-first approach. Works in collaboration with team and offers feedback, where appropriate, to complete individual and group efforts. Shows the ability to adjust and be flexible to change by adapting approach when necessary. Mentors less experienced staff.Qualifications Typically has 5+ years of related work experience. Experience with complex development environments, taking abstract concepts and ideas and formulating a detailed software deliverable Experience in developing on cross-functional systems Deep knowledge of developing complete systems Mastery of the SDLC Highly driven and self-motivated to exceed expectations Ability to work independently and demonstrated ability to lead in a team based environment Proficient in both oral and written communicationMUST HAVE EXPERIENCE:Skills & Technologies: * Angular (Latest) Typescript/JavaScript Modular App/Component Architecture CSS3 HTML5/ARIA Web Accessibility (WCAG 2.1) Web Components Browser-based Technologies Unit Test Development/Test Driven Development Written and Oral CommunicationsPlatform & Tools: * Visual Studio Code Azure DevOps Git Version Control HTTP/SNICE TO HAVES: (BONUS) * UX Prototyping UI Design Modern Web Layouts React/NextJS (Latest)100% Work From Home Opportunity!!!Licensure, Certifications, and Clearances:UPMC is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veteran Responsive Web Design & Development Typically has 5+ years of related work experience Experience with complex development environments, taking abstract concepts and ideas and formulating a detailed software deliverable Experience in developing on cross-functional systems Deep knowledge of developing complete systems Mastery of the SDLC Highly driven and self-motivated to exceed expectations Ability to work independently and demonstrated ability to lead in a team based environment Proficient in both oral and written communication CSS3 Web Accessibility (WCAG 2.1) Unit Test Development/Test Driven Development Visual Studio Code Azure DevOps Git Version Control HTTP/S UX Prototyping UI Design Modern Web Layouts Under the direction of management and more senior members of the team, the Software Engineer - Senior will contribute to the overall Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) by independently completing projects and tasks by meeting established quality measures. The Software Engineer - Senior will be able to expand their role into defining and leading new software projects which will deliver significant impact The focus of this position will be to reach a mastery level of the technology stack and mentor less experienced team members Integration - Responsible for more complex integration between modules Troubleshooting - Solve multiple issues concurrently Coordinate, delegate, and mentor less experienced staff with issue resolution Documentation - Create detail-oriented documentation that outlines new and moderately complex processes Responsible for quality and validity of documentation Functional Requirements Gathering & Analysis Security - Validate and review secure processes and protocols Ensure that processes/protocols are followed by junior level staff Project Management - Has ownership in success of projects Responsible for estimating and delivering on individual task within project Shows the ability to be responsible for project timelines Software Solutions - Develop, validate and implement software solutions based on customer requirements, Enterprise architecture standards and defined project designs Quality - Demonstrate the ability to conduct code review of others Application Development Cycle - Demonstrate the understanding of multiple SDLCs Design - Implement the overall system design Communication - Responsible for demonstrating appropriate, clear, concise, and effective written and oral communications in all interactions to build relationships and accomplish day to day work and projects Self Development - Responsible for continuous self-study, trainings, partnering with more senior members of team, and/or seeking out opportunities to broaden scope to stay up to date with industry and organizational trends Seeks feedback from senior team members for development and effectively incorporates feedback into work and behaviors Interactions with Others - Successfully completes projects, tasks, and initiatives by embracing a team-first approach Works in collaboration with team and offers feedback, where appropriate, to complete individual and group efforts Shows the ability to adjust and be flexible to change by adapting approach when necessary 