Senior Software Engineer - ReactJSIf you are looking to help us reimagine the world, come join us...Who we are:VERSES is a cognitive computing company specializing in next-generation Artificial Intelligence. Modeled after natural systems and the design principles of the human brain and the human experience.We are a distributed, diverse, and inclusive workforce that aspires to do our best work on important problems with exceptional people and we value: AUDACITY, ASSERTIVENESS, ALIGNMENT, ACCOUNTABILITY, ABUNDANCE, & AWESOMENESS.We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer - ReactJSThis role is responsible for developing and maintaining the front-end of web applications using ReactJS. You will work closely with the development team to ensure that the applications are designed, developed, and implemented to meet business requirements.Essential Functions - a/k/a Your Mission Develop and maintain high-quality front-end code using ReactJS. Collaborate with the design team to ensure that the user interface is visually appealing and easy to use. Ensure that the code is scalable, maintainable, and adheres to industry best practices. Participate in code reviews to ensure that code is of high quality and meets the development standards. Work closely with the back-end development team to integrate front-end code with the back-end systems. Identify and troubleshoot software defects and issues. Continuously improve the development process by identifying and implementing new technologies and tools. Mentor and provide guidance to junior developers. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related field. At least 5 years of experience in developing web applications using ReactJS. Experience with Redux, Webpack, and other related libraries and tools. Strong knowledge of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Experience with RESTful APIs and backend integration. Experience with version control systems, particularly Git. Strong problem-solving skills and attention to detail. Excellent communication skills and ability to work in a collaborative environment. Experience working in an Agile development environment.Aside from being a culture of highly engaged, really smart, collegial and energized people, at VERSES - we offer: Global virtual work environment (although some positions may need to operate within specific time zones) 100% Company paid medical, dental & vision benefits Paid time off includes: responsible time off policy (RTO), sick time complying with all State and Federal guidelines, and of course... Company recognized Holidays!! Vested interest in developing and growing our people Generous total rewards package which includes equitable base pay, potential for bonuses, equities.Job Type Regular, Full-time Fully Remote Salary starting at $152,000 Agencies and Recruiters: we do not accept unsolicited resumes Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related field At least 5 years of experience in developing web applications using ReactJS Experience with Redux, Webpack, and other related libraries and tools Strong knowledge of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript Experience with RESTful APIs and backend integration Experience with version control systems, particularly Git Strong problem-solving skills and attention to detail Excellent communication skills and ability to work in a collaborative environment Experience working in an Agile development environment Aside from being a culture of highly engaged, really smart, collegial and energized people, at VERSES - we offer: This role is responsible for developing and maintaining the front-end of web applications using ReactJS You will work closely with the development team to ensure that the applications are designed, developed, and implemented to meet business requirements Develop and maintain high-quality front-end code using ReactJS Collaborate with the design team to ensure that the user interface is visually appealing and easy to use Ensure that the code is scalable, maintainable, and adheres to industry best practices Participate in code reviews to ensure that code is of high quality and meets the development standards Work closely with the back-end development team to integrate front-end code with the back-end systems Identify and troubleshoot software defects and issues Continuously improve the development process by identifying and implementing new technologies and tools Mentor and provide guidance to junior developers 100% Company paid medical, dental & vision benefits Paid time off includes: responsible time off policy (RTO), sick time complying with all State and Federal guidelines, and of course.. Company recognized Holidays!! Generous total rewards package which includes equitable base pay, potential for bonuses, equities Regular, Full-time Fully Remote Salary starting at $152,000 