OverviewGarmin Intl Inc. seeks a Software Engineer 2 (Olathe, KS; multiple positions) to develop moderately complex software in Java for Garmins internal web applications following Garmins coding standards and in accordance with applicable software development methodology and release processes. Use sound engineering principles to develop robust and sustainable solutions. Participate in... supporting activities such as requirement reviews, collaborative design sessions, project planning, end-user support, deployments, and feature demos. Help ensure software quality by offering comments and suggestions to team members through peer code reviews. Perform root cause analysis, outline corrective action, and identify mitigation strategies for production issues. Offer suggestions to improve processes and evaluate alternative technologies to help meet Garmins high standards of value and performance. Associates are permitted to work from home, within commuting distance of office, up to two days per week provided that their job duties can be performed effectively while working from home, and if they have appropriate approval from their manager.Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electronics Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or related plus 1 year of relevant experience in the software engineering environment.Must have demonstrated experience in the following: Proficiency in developing software in Java. Proficiency in relational databases such as MySQL, including writing SQL queries and designing schemas. Knowledge and ability to communicate knowledge of client-server architecture. Proficiency in designing and developing REST services. Knowledge and ability to communicate knowledge of relevant software engineering tools and processes, including version control systems such as AccuRev and GitHub, and testing and debugging methodologies.Garmin International is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veterans status, age or disability.IND-DNP#LI-DNI Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electronics Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or related plus 1 year of relevant experience in the software engineering environment Proficiency in developing software in Java Proficiency in relational databases such as MySQL, including writing SQL queries and designing schemas Knowledge and ability to communicate knowledge of client-server architecture Proficiency in designing and developing REST services Knowledge and ability to communicate knowledge of relevant software engineering tools and processes, including version control systems such as AccuRev and GitHub, and testing and debugging methodologies Garmin Intl Inc. seeks a Software Engineer 2 (Olathe, KS; multiple positions) to develop moderately complex software in Java for Garmins internal web applications following Garmins coding standards and in accordance with applicable software development methodology and release processes Use sound engineering principles to develop robust and sustainable solutions Participate in supporting activities such as requirement reviews, collaborative design sessions, project planning, end-user support, deployments, and feature demos Help ensure software quality by offering comments and suggestions to team members through peer code reviews Perform root cause analysis, outline corrective action, and identify mitigation strategies for production issues Offer suggestions to improve processes and evaluate alternative technologies to help meet Garmins high standards of value and performance 