BitSights mission is to enable trust in digital transactions. Together, we are transforming how the market governs cybersecurity risk through Security Ratings. BitSight Security Ratings are real-time, data-driven measurements of cyber security performance that help companies, investors, insurers, government agencies and regulators make informed, dynamic risk decisions impacting business results... financial investments and national security. Founded in 2011, BitSight transforms how organizations manage information security risk. Manage third party risk, underwrite cyber insurance policies, benchmark performance, conduct M&A due diligence and assess aggregate risk. Seven of the top 10 cyber insurers, 20% of Fortune 500 companies, and 3 of the top 5 investment banks use BitSight BitSight is the most widely used Security Ratings Service with over 2,500 customers and the largest ecosystem of users and informationBitSight is looking for an experienced Big Data Engineer to join our engineering team. We pride ourselves in building exceptional career opportunities and offering outstanding benefits to our team. We have the enthusiasm of a start-up but the structure and solidity of a mature industry leader.BitSights mission is to make the online world a safer place by helping governments, companies and NGOs understand and mitigate their cybersecurity risks. Ours is an internet-scale challenge - we track every IP address, every piece of malware, and a good portion of the worlds internet traffic.BitSights data pipeline is the core of our Security Ratings product. We ingest security-related intelligence data from over 100 sources, feed terabytes of data into a proprietary rating algorithm, and deliver ratings for over 500,000 organizations on a daily basis. Built on the highly scalable AWS ecosystem, our pipeline code base meets the highest standards of reliability and scalability to deliver consistent, actionable, intuitive, and responsive ratings to the customer.We are looking for developers with a passion for building software to collect, aggregate, and analyze data at scale using continuous, incremental development methodologies. Working with a close-knit team across multiple locations, you will help us architect and evolve the pipeline to support even larger volumes via cloud data warehouses. You will bring actionable security insights to the customer through integrating new data sources, surfacing new features from existing data, and refining the rating algorithm. Collaborating with data science and research teams, you will build trust with BitSight customers in the quality and integrity of our data.Apart from domain skills, what we truly value are strong generalists: those with the critical thinking skills to use a variety of technologies and languages and pick up new concepts when needed. Strong collaboration skills are a must. We offer an opportunity to make a unique impact, not just as an individual but on the entire engineering team.Requirements 3+ years working with modern Java (version 8 or higher) Prior experience building and operating large-scale data pipelines Strong computer science fundamentals in design, data structures, and algorithms Experience working with a team of engineers, designers, and product owners in delivering a product to end-users Excellent (English) written and verbal communication skills.Preferred Skills Experience with Python Experience with technologies such as Hadoop, Spark, Elasticsearch Experience with NoSQL data warehouses such as AWS Redshift Experience with CI/CD and Kubernetes Experience working in the IT security domainDiversity. BitSight is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. This means we do not tolerate discrimination of any kind and are committed to providing equal employment opportunities regardless of your gender identity, race, nationality, religion, sexual orientation, status as a protected veteran, or status as an individual with a disability.Culture. We put our people first. BitSight offers best in class benefits. We devote the same energy to nurturing our company's inclusive culture as we apply to serving our customers' needs. Working at BitSight will give you the opportunity to fulfill your professional goals and expand your skills.Open-minded. If you got to this point, we hope youre feeling excited about the job description you just read. Even if you dont feel that you meet every single requirement, we still encourage you to apply. Were eager to meet people that believe in BitSights mission and can contribute to our team in a variety of ways Apart from domain skills, what we truly value are strong generalists: those with the critical thinking skills to use a variety of technologies and languages and pick up new concepts when needed Strong collaboration skills are a must 3+ years working with modern Java (version 8 or higher) Prior experience building and operating large-scale data pipelines Strong computer science fundamentals in design, data structures, and algorithms Experience working with a team of engineers, designers, and product owners in delivering a product to end-users Excellent (English) written and verbal communication skills Manage third party risk, underwrite cyber insurance policies, benchmark performance, conduct M&A due diligence and assess aggregate risk Working with a close-knit team across multiple locations, you will help us architect and evolve the pipeline to support even larger volumes via cloud data warehouses You will bring actionable security insights to the customer through integrating new data sources, surfacing new features from existing data, and refining the rating algorithm Collaborating with data science and research teams, you will build trust with BitSight customers in the quality and integrity of our data BitSight offers best in class benefits 