Lucidworks is leading digital transformation for some of the world's biggest retailers, financial services firms, manufacturers, and B2B commerce organizations. We believe that the core to a great digital experience starts with search and browse. Our Deep Learning technology captures user behavior and utilizes machine learning to connect people with the products, content, and information they... need. Brands including Crate & Barrel, Lenovo, Red Hat, and Cisco Systems rely on Lucidworks' suite of products to power commerce, customer service, and workplace applications that delight customers and empower employees. Lucidworks believes in the power of diversity and inclusion to help us do our best work. We are an Equal Opportunity employer and welcome talent across a full range of backgrounds, orientation, origin, and identity in an inclusive and non-discriminatory way.About The RoleThe Software Engineer will troubleshoot, debug and fix issues that arise during the implementation of our product suite. This role requires a desire to constantly learn and understand how our customers configure and use our product. Strong written and verbal communication skills and a willingness to dig in and figure things out a must. The Software Engineer will play a role being involved in supporting the product, answering questions from field, QA and other engineers and generalizing problems to design or implementation flaws.About The TeamSustaining Engineering supports clients through troubleshooting obstacles to successful implementations of our product offerings. The team provides advanced product guidance to colleagues working in front-line customer-facing roles, develops bug fixes, and gives key feedback on product reliability and usability to product management and product development teams. The Team works cross-functionally to provide solutions with an emphasis on shortening and reducing the number of customer escalations.Job Responsibilities Review field escalations and work with cross functional teams to resolve critical issues. Study the available data to determine the root cause of issues. Effectively communicate customer issues to other technical teams. Solve customer issues with an eye to long term sustainability of our product. Implement solutions via code changes written in Java, Python, Scala, and other programming languages. Test fixes thoroughly to ensure customer satisfaction. Merge fixes for quality testing and release in the next product version. Document technical details of solutions to customer-facing project teams. Provide detailed feedback to teammates via code reviews and accept feedback from reviews of their own work. Have a learning mindset to focus on continually improving the escalation process with an emphasis on improvements to shorten and reduce customer escalations Ability to summarize and present technical solutions to solve Business problems Create/edit documentation for internal and external audiences.Required Skills and Qualifications: Bachelor's degree OR a minimum of 5 years professional experience along with; Java development experience (4 + years) Demonstrated experience debugging distributed Java applications and web applications. Demonstrated experience in operations and automation including pytest, Jenkins, docker, AWS, Kubernetes, Windows Server, PowerShell, bash Experience with public cloud-based environments (GCP is a plus) Strong general coding and debugging skills. Knowledge of containerization and container orchestration (Kubernetes is a plus) Ability to troubleshoot field escalations to get clear understanding of a problem and communicate it clearly to others Highly motivated and works well with minimum supervision. Enjoys working with and collaborating in a fast-paced agile environment of mostly remote engineers Stays calm under pressure and has good customer service, communication and negotiation skills Strong interpersonal skills, written and verbal Acceptable background checkOur Stack: Java 8 Java 11 (Spring Boot) micro-services, event-driven architecture Python (Pytest framework) Scala Docker Kubernetes Google Cloud (GKE, GCS, GCR, Cloud Logging)Competencies Support and Problem Resolution: Begins to support the entire product. Ability to find bugs in other's code, and propose / implement solutions. Designs and creates unit tests that identify / prove bugs. Strategic: Helps drive for appropriate level of details and clarity on requirements. Takes an active role in decision making (e.g. tool section, build vs. buy, etc.) SDLC: Works closely with product management to understand business requirements, for areas of his/her implementations, and surrounding areas. Leads design discussion ensuring that every implementation team clearly understands requirements and corresponding design. Helps drive team consensus for design and implementation goals. Provides useful feedback during code review process, mentors others through code review process. Able to work a two-week sprint with limited supervision. Leadership: Recognized expertise on relevant tools & technologies within the team. Ability and willingness to mentor other engineers on tools, best practices, etc. Understands process, and strives to make improvements or simplifications to the process. Research: Demonstrates ability to work on all aspects of research projects, perhaps with guidance from more senior team members. Has proven ability to implement scalable (cost-effective) solutions to problems. Values: Honor People, Be Curious, Champion customers, Break The Bottle, Align and Commit, Enjoy This$140,000 - $175,000 a yearThis salary range may include multiple levels. Your level is based on our assessment of your interview performance and experience, which you can always ask the hiring manager about to understand in more detail. Salary is just one component of Lucidworks total compensation package for employees. Your total rewards package includes (but is not limited to) discretionary variable bonus, equity, top-notch medical, dental and vision coverage, a variety of voluntary benefits, generous PTO policy, various leave policies, and many other region-specific benefits.Lucidworks believes in the power of diversity and inclusion to help us do our best work. We are an Equal Opportunity employer and welcome talent across a full range of backgrounds, orientation, origin, and identity in an inclusive and non-discriminatory way. Applicants receive consideration based on the relevant talents, skills, and experiences they offer to our company.If you need any accommodations prior to your interview, please reach out to us at: recruiting@lucidworks.comThank you for your interest and we look forward to learning more about you.COVID Vaccination:As a condition of employment, at time of hire and continuing thereafter, Lucidworks requires that all employees must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 to the extent that they are: i) working from or visiting any company office; ii) participating in in-person company events; or iii) working onsite with customers Strong written and verbal communication skills and a willingness to dig in and figure things out a must Bachelor's degree OR a minimum of 5 years professional experience along with; Java development experience (4 + years) Demonstrated experience debugging distributed Java applications and web applications Demonstrated experience in operations and automation including pytest, Jenkins, docker, AWS, Kubernetes, Windows Server, PowerShell, bash Strong general coding and debugging skills Ability to troubleshoot field escalations to get clear understanding of a problem and communicate it clearly to others Highly motivated and works well with minimum supervision Enjoys working with and collaborating in a fast-paced agile environment of mostly remote engineers Stays calm under pressure and has good customer service, communication and negotiation skills Acceptable background check Leadership: Recognized expertise on relevant tools & technologies within the team Ability and willingness to mentor other engineers on tools, best practices, etc Has proven ability to implement scalable (cost-effective) solutions to problems The Software Engineer will troubleshoot, debug and fix issues that arise during the implementation of our product suite This role requires a desire to constantly learn and understand how our customers configure and use our product The Software Engineer will play a role being involved in supporting the product, answering questions from field, QA and other engineers and generalizing problems to design or implementation flaws The team provides advanced product guidance to colleagues working in front-line customer-facing roles, develops bug fixes, and gives key feedback on product reliability and usability to product management and product development teams The Team works cross-functionally to provide solutions with an emphasis on shortening and reducing the number of customer escalations Review field escalations and work with cross functional teams to resolve critical issues Study the available data to determine the root cause of issues Effectively communicate customer issues to other technical teams Solve customer issues with an eye to long term sustainability of our product Implement solutions via code changes written in Java, Python, Scala, and other programming languages Test fixes thoroughly to ensure customer satisfaction Merge fixes for quality testing and release in the next product version Document technical details of solutions to customer-facing project teams Provide detailed feedback to teammates via code reviews and accept feedback from reviews of their own work Have a learning mindset to focus on continually improving the escalation process with an emphasis on improvements to shorten and reduce customer escalations Ability to summarize and present technical solutions to solve Business problems Create/edit documentation for internal and external audiences Support and Problem Resolution: Begins to support the entire product Ability to find bugs in other's code, and propose / implement solutions Designs and creates unit tests that identify / prove bugs Strategic: Helps drive for appropriate level of details and clarity on requirements Takes an active role in decision making (e.g. tool section, build vs. buy, etc.) SDLC: Works closely with product management to understand business requirements, for areas of his/her implementations, and surrounding areas Leads design discussion ensuring that every implementation team clearly understands requirements and corresponding design Helps drive team consensus for design and implementation goals Provides useful feedback during code review process, mentors others through code review process Research: Demonstrates ability to work on all aspects of research projects, perhaps with guidance from more senior team members $140,000 - $175,000 a year This salary range may include multiple levels Salary is just one component of Lucidworks total compensation package for employees Your total rewards package includes (but is not limited to) discretionary variable bonus, equity, top-notch medical, dental and vision coverage, a variety of voluntary benefits, generous PTO policy, various leave policies, and many other region-specific benefits 