SOFTWARE ENGINEER REMOTE This role has an internal job title of Software Security Engineer II, III or IV depending on experienceWe're looking for a software engineer to join our Product Development team and help build the next generation of system monitoring and human-machine interface. Specifically, we are looking for someone that can bring their back-end development experience to create a... framework utilized in our embedded server controller system. The ideal candidate has a strong background in object-oriented programming in support of embedded systems.MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:  4+ years of software development experience with Java.  4+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems.  Experience in use of modern software development tools (Confluence, Jira, Jenkins).  Experience with Git command line configuration management tool.  Knowledge of Agile software development process methodology  Java build tools such as Gradle, Bazel, Maven, etc.  Experience with JavaFX UI development  Experience with Linux, Linux kernel, uboot, device drivers. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:  BS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or other related field; will consider relevant years of experience in lieu of degree.  Use of Java in conjunction with OSGi as the basic modular framework.  Experience with embedded Linux such as Yocto.  Experience developing embedded software applications.IMPORTANT NOTICE: We are unable to hire California residents at this time due to legal and regulatory considerations.Salary Range: $90,000 - $153,000 This information reflects the anticipated base salary range for this position based on current national data. Minimums and maximums may vary based on location. Actual pay will be adjusted based on an individual's skills, experience, education, and other job-related factors permitted by law. Working is no longer solely about the job. Here at Sealing Tech, we understand your happiness and health is vital to our success. We are innovative in our approach to cultivating balanced work environments and offer a plethora of added perks. Sealing Tech offers competitive compensation packages, health, dental, and vision insurance, retirement contributions, continuing education budgets, tuition reimbursement, flexible schedules, and generous vacation policies. Other perks include monthly catered meals, a stocked kitchen, and company retreats and gatherings. Plus, flexible work arrangements, pet friendly offices and quarterly merit bonuses for qualified employees. We are looking for a new member to join our team, take on challenges, be innovative and willing to grow with us Specifically, we are looking for someone that can bring their back-end development experience to create a framework utilized in our embedded server controller system The ideal candidate has a strong background in object-oriented programming in support of embedded systems 4+ years of software development experience with Java 4+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems Experience in use of modern software development tools (Confluence, Jira, Jenkins) Experience with Git command line configuration management tool Knowledge of Agile software development process methodology Java build tools such as Gradle, Bazel, Maven, etc Experience with JavaFX UI development Experience with Linux, Linux kernel, uboot, device drivers Salary Range: $90,000 - $153,000 This information reflects the anticipated base salary range for this position based on current national data Sealing Tech offers competitive compensation packages, health, dental, and vision insurance, retirement contributions, continuing education budgets, tuition reimbursement, flexible schedules, and generous vacation policies Other perks include monthly catered meals, a stocked kitchen, and company retreats and gatherings Plus, flexible work arrangements, pet friendly offices and quarterly merit bonuses for qualified employees 