Job DescriptionAt Boeing, we innovate and collaborate to make the world a better place. From the seabed to outer space, you can contribute to work that matters with a company where diversity, equity and inclusion are shared values. Were committed to fostering an environment for every teammate thats welcoming, respectful and inclusive, with great opportunity for professional growth. Find your... future with us.Our team is currently hiring for a broad range of experience levels including: Experienced, Senior, and Lead Software Engineers. The Boeing Mobility & Surveillance organization is currently seeking a Real-Time Software Engineer (Level 3, 4, or 5) to join the Airborne Early Warning and Control (AEW&C) group located in Oklahoma City, OK.This position will focus on supporting the Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business organization. The selected candidate reports to the AEW&C Software Development Manager and will collaborate with a team of software engineers with diverse backgrounds and skill levels to develop and maintain mission software for the AEW&C platform.The Boeing Airborne Early Warning & Control (AEW&C) is a combat-proven weapon system that provides powerful multi-domain surveillance, communications, and networked battle management capabilities, as well as interoperability that multiplies the effectiveness of joint and coalition forces.Join us and build a better, safer future.Boeing offers a comprehensive benefits package including generous Paid Time Off (PTO), flexible work environment, paid parental leave, 401k matching, extremely generous tuition assistance for earning advanced degrees, and paid medical leave programs. For more information, click here.Position Responsibilities: Develops, documents and maintains architectures, requirements, algorithms, interfaces and designs for software systems Develops and maintains code and integrates software components into a fully functional software system Develops software verification plans, test procedures and test environments, executing the test procedures and documenting test results to ensure software system requirements are met Performs software project management and software supplier management functions Develops, selects, tailors and deploys software processes, tools and metrics Executes and documents software research and development projects Serves as a subject matter expert for software domains, system-specific issues, processes and regulations Tracks and evaluates software team and supplier performance to ensure product and process conformance to project plans and industry standards Works under general directionThis position is expected to be 100% onsite. The selected candidate will be required to work onsite at one of the listed location options. (Oklahoma City, OK.) *This position is located in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma and aligns to the standard 9/80 work schedule. The 9/80 schedule allows employees to work a nine-hour shift Monday through Thursday and take every other Friday off!!**This position requires the ability to obtain a U.S. Security Clearance for which the U.S. Government requires U.S. Citizenship. An interim and/or final U.S. Top Secret Clearance Post-Start is required.Oklahoma Engineering Tax CreditIf you have an engineering degree from an ABET accredited college or university and are not currently working in the aerospace sector in Oklahoma, you may qualify for a $5000 tax credit from the state of Oklahoma for up to five years. Click here for more information on the tax credit.Basic Qualifications (Required Skill/Experience): Bachelors degree or higher in Engineering and/or a Technical discipline 3+ years of experience in embedded real-time software development 3+ years of experience with development of C/C++, Java, and/or Linux Operating SystemsPreferred Qualifications 5+ or more years' related work experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience 8+ or more years' related work experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience Experience developing in Java and/or C++ Experience in AGILE/DevOps tools and methodologies Experience in Real-Time Algorithm implementation Experience in Red Hat Enterprise Linux administration/execution environment development Operator Machine Interface/User Interface/Open GL development Experience in development, documentation, and maintenance of architectures, requirements, interfaces, and designs for software systems.Typical Education/Experience:Mid-Level (Level 3)Bachelor's degree and typically 5 or more years' experience in an engineering classification or a Master's degree with typically 3 or more years' experience in an engineering classification or a PhD degree with experience in an engineering classification. Bachelor, Master or Doctorate of Science degree from an accredited course of study, in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry. ABET is the preferred, although not required, accreditation standard.Senior (Level 4)Bachelor's degree and typically 9 or more years' experience in an engineering classification or a Master's degree with typically 7 or more years' experience in an engineering classification or a PhD degree with typically 4 or more years' experience in an engineering classification. Bachelor, Master or Doctorate of Science degree from an accredited course of study, in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry. ABET is the preferred, although not required, accreditation standard.Lead (Level 5)Bachelor's degree typically 14 or more years' experience in an engineering classification or a Master's degree with typically 12 or more years' experience in an engineering classification or a PhD degree with typically 9 or more years' experience in an engineering classification. Bachelor, Master or Doctorate of Science degree from an accredited course of study, in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry. ABET is the preferred, although not required, accreditation standard.Relocation:This position offers relocation based on candidate eligibility.Drug Free Workplace:Boeing is a Drug Free Workplace where post offer applicants and employees are subject to testing for marijuana, cocaine, opioids, amphetamines, PCP, and alcohol when criteria is met as outlined in our policies.Shift Work StatementThis position is for 1st shift.Export Control Requirements: U.S. Government Export Control Status: This position must meet export control compliance requirements. To meet export control compliance requirements, a U.S. Person as defined by 22 C.F.R. 120.15 is required. U.S. Person includes U.S. Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee.Equal Opportunity Employer:Boeing is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law This position requires the ability to obtain a U.S. Security Clearance for which the U.S. Government requires U.S. Citizenship An interim and/or final U.S. Top Secret Clearance Post-Start is required Bachelors degree or higher in Engineering and/or a Technical discipline 3+ years of experience in embedded real-time software development 3+ years of experience with development of C/C++, Java, and/or Linux Operating Systems Bachelor, Master or Doctorate of Science degree from an accredited course of study, in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry Bachelor's degree and typically 9 or more years' experience in an engineering classification or a Master's degree with typically 7 or more years' experience in an engineering classification or a PhD degree with typically 4 or more years' experience in an engineering classification To meet export control compliance requirements, a U.S. Person as defined by 22 C.F.R. 120.15 is required U.S. Person includes U.S. Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee Develops, documents and maintains architectures, requirements, algorithms, interfaces and designs for software systems Develops and maintains code and integrates software components into a fully functional software system Develops software verification plans, test procedures and test environments, executing the test procedures and documenting test results to ensure software system requirements are met Performs software project management and software supplier management functions Develops, selects, tailors and deploys software processes, tools and metrics Executes and documents software research and development projects Serves as a subject matter expert for software domains, system-specific issues, processes and regulations Tracks and evaluates software team and supplier performance to ensure product and process conformance to project plans and industry standards Works under general direction Boeing offers a comprehensive benefits package including generous Paid Time Off (PTO), flexible work environment, paid parental leave, 401k matching, extremely generous tuition assistance for earning advanced degrees, and paid medical leave programs If you have an engineering degree from an ABET accredited college or university and are not currently working in the aerospace sector in Oklahoma, you may qualify for a $5000 tax credit from the state of Oklahoma for up to five years 