At Ford Motor Company, we believe freedom of movement drives human progress. We also believe in providing you with the freedom to define and realize your dreams. With our incredible plans for the future of mobility, we have a wide variety of opportunities for you to accelerate your career potential as you help us define tomorrows transportation.The people of Ford Motor Credit Company have a... 60-year commitment to helping put people behind the wheels of great Ford and Lincoln vehicles. By partnering with dealerships, we provide financing, personalized service and professional expertise to five thousand dealers and more than four million customers in over 100 countries around the world. If youre customer-focused, driven and seeking the opportunity to experience exciting challenges and growth, look no further.The Ford Credit Technology & Software organization creates digital software products for dealers and customers to support Ford Credit's strategic goal to be the reason customers choose and stay with Ford.Senior Software Engineer for Ford Pro Insure will contribute to the development of new digital products for Ford Credit Commercial customers. Ford Pro Insure will expand the one-stop shop of products and services offered by FordPro to commercial customers. FordPro customers have come to expect a complete set of products and services that ensure their fleets are the most efficient and productive business tools they can be.Senior Software Engineer for Ford Pro Insure will Apply technology towards successful project implementation and ongoing support. Apply software skills to provide feedback on existing products and contribute to the design of new product features. Contribute towards development of intuitive and highly scalable services and applications. Work closely with other stakeholders & teams across Ford Credit This position reports to Engineering Manager of Ford Pro Insure.Key Ford Credit TSP Organization Facts Over 1,000 global team members Spread across 8 locations: USA, Argentina, Brazil, United Kingdom, Spain, Germany, India, and China Apply technology towards successful project implementation and ongoing support Apply software skills to provide feedback on existing products and contribute to the design of new product features Contribute towards development of intuitive and highly scalable services and applications Work closely with other stakeholders & teams across Ford Credit 