Who We AreAddepars purpose is to maximize the positive impact of the worlds capital. More than 850 of the worlds leading financial services firms trust Addepar to unlock the power and possibility of informed, data-driven investing and advice. These family offices, wealth managers, banks and institutions use Addepars tech and data platform to deliver exceptional value to their clients in a... modern, scalable and secure way.Our clients use Addepar to manage and advise on more than $4 trillion in assets. Our board and investors are some of the best in the business: D1 Capital, WestCap, 8VC and Valor Equity Partners have led our last few rounds.Were now expanding Addepars business around the globe, with clients in more than 30 countries. Were constantly doubling down on tech- and data-fueled innovation, and our product and platform roadmap is more ambitious today than ever. We place our clients at the center of everything we do, and see a virtually unlimited set of opportunities to expand our client footprint and deepen the value we can unlock by building together.Addepar is a Forbes Fintech 50 company and an honored member of the CB Insights Fintech 250. Addepar embraces a global flexible workforce model with offices in Silicon Valley, New York City, Salt Lake City, Chicago, London, England, Edinburgh, Scotland and Pune, India. Marketplace and brokerage services provided by Acervus Securities, Inc., an SEC registered brokerdealer and member FINRA / SIPC.The RoleWe're seeking a Backend Software Engineer to work within our Forward Deployed Engineering team that partners directly with key technical & strategic counterparts at Addepar's largest enterprise engagements. From building custom data integrations to extending platform capabilities; an Engineer on the team operates with the autonomy and ownership to drive ground-breaking change for Addepar's customers. You will work in small teams with minimal supervision to set priorities, lead client interactions, and be responsible for the end-to-end delivery of critically important projects.Each engagement will take on a slightly different shape, providing a wide breadth of opportunities to solve complex technical challenges, explore new and emerging technologies, and most importantly deliver high value customer outcomes. You will be responsible for taking lessons learned and value gathered in the field and turning it into scalable and repeatable long term solutions. You will spend time collaborating with teams across Addepar's engineering and product organization; providing valuable insight to inform design strategy and contributing directly to the core product code base.Our group operates as an extension of the platform rather than a services organization. This distinction allows us to partner with customers in a highly collaborative fashion with a focus on measurable outcomes, rather than billable hours. You will partner with other members of the team to continuously evaluate the dynamic landscape of opportunities, strategic priorities, and commitments - ensuring that the team is always focused on solving the most important & impactful problems.Addepar takes a market-based approach to pay. A successful candidates starting pay will be determined based on the role, job-related skills, experience, qualifications, work location, and market conditions. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target base salary for roles in Colorado, California, and New York.The current range for this role is $99,000 - $186,000 + bonus + equity + benefits.Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process. Additionally, these ranges reflect the base salary only, and do not include bonus, equity, or benefits.For new graduates, please refer to our intern/new grad section in our careers page. Who You Are 2+ years experience as a professional Software Engineer Proficiency with one or more object-oriented programming language (Java and/or Python preferred) and/or compiled language (Go, Rust, Scala preferred) Experience building systems with Relational or NoSQL database storage BS+ in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics or other highly technical field paired with software industry experience. Ability to lead complex projects, relationships and timelines. Excels working in a cross disciplinary team/environment. (Plus) Experience in one or more strongly typed server side programming language (ex: Java, C++). (Plus) Experience with distribution storage & execution frameworks (ex. Arrow, Spark, Flink, Storm)Our Values Act Like an Owner - Think and operate with intention, purpose and care. Own outcomes. Build Together - Collaborate to unlock the best solutions. Deliver lasting value. Champion Our Clients - Exceed client expectations. Our clients success is our success. Drive Innovation - Be bold and unconstrained in problem solving. Transform the industry. Embrace Learning - Engage our community to broaden our perspective. Bring a growth mindset.In addition to our core values, Addepar is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We seek to bring together diverse ideas, experiences, skill sets, perspectives, backgrounds and identities to drive innovative solutions. We commit to promoting a welcoming environment where inclusion and belonging are held as a shared responsibility.To ensure the health and safety of all Addepeeps and our prospective candidates, we have instituted a virtual interview and onboarding experience Who You Are 2+ years experience as a professional Software Engineer Experience building systems with Relational or NoSQL database storage BS+ in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics or other highly technical field paired with software industry experience Ability to lead complex projects, relationships and timelines Excels working in a cross disciplinary team/environment (Plus) Experience in one or more strongly typed server side programming language (ex: Java, C++) (Plus) Experience with distribution storage & execution frameworks (ex From building custom data integrations to extending platform capabilities; an Engineer on the team operates with the autonomy and ownership to drive ground-breaking change for Addepar's customers You will work in small teams with minimal supervision to set priorities, lead client interactions, and be responsible for the end-to-end delivery of critically important projects Each engagement will take on a slightly different shape, providing a wide breadth of opportunities to solve complex technical challenges, explore new and emerging technologies, and most importantly deliver high value customer outcomes You will be responsible for taking lessons learned and value gathered in the field and turning it into scalable and repeatable long term solutions You will spend time collaborating with teams across Addepar's engineering and product organization; providing valuable insight to inform design strategy and contributing directly to the core product code base You will partner with other members of the team to continuously evaluate the dynamic landscape of opportunities, strategic priorities, and commitments - ensuring that the team is always focused on solving the most important & impactful problems Embrace Learning - Engage our community to broaden our perspective The current range for this role is $99,000 - $186,000 + bonus + equity + benefits Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process Additionally, these ranges reflect the base salary only, and do not include bonus, equity, or benefits 