The Opportunity: Sr. Software EngineerWe are seeking an Omaha based experienced product-minded software engineer to join our agile development squad focused on the LifeLoop core platform. We believe that quality community life extends far beyond the physical walls of a senior living facility. With the use of technology, we have created a platform that can enhance the lives of residents, their... families, and the staff who care for them. At iN2L + LifeLoop we pride ourselves on being customer centric, and the product team is no exception. Working in small agile teams targeted at specific business objectives, our engineers work with the autonomy to build features that truly make a meaningful difference.The TechOur iN2L products are primarily built with Nodejs fully hosted in AWS. Our LifeLoop are built on a MERN stack fully hosted in Microsoft Azure and using Azure DevOps for CI/CD.Essential Functions Challenge how we architect, plan, execute and deliver product-focused engineering. Actively collaborate with Product Management, QA, and other developers on large-scale initiatives to effectively deliver simple solutions to complex problems. Write quality, maintainable code that meets user needs with scalable solutions. Build reusable React component libraries with abstractions that future developers can easily leverage. Whether it's performing code reviews, discussing possible solutions, or explaining a piece of code, articulate communication and a positive mindset is critical. Routinely identify ways to improve our processes and tech stack by evaluating new technologies and patterns. Work closely with QA to support our customer success team by responding to bugs and feedback tickets.Required Skills And Competencies At least 4 years experience with software development. Expert in JavaScript, Nodejs, and React. Knowledge of MongoDB, Redux, React Native, and Microsoft Azure are advantageous At least 4 years experience with software development Expert in JavaScript, Nodejs, and React Knowledge of MongoDB, Redux, React Native, and Microsoft Azure are advantageous Challenge how we architect, plan, execute and deliver product-focused engineering Actively collaborate with Product Management, QA, and other developers on large-scale initiatives to effectively deliver simple solutions to complex problems Write quality, maintainable code that meets user needs with scalable solutions Build reusable React component libraries with abstractions that future developers can easily leverage Whether it's performing code reviews, discussing possible solutions, or explaining a piece of code, articulate communication and a positive mindset is critical Routinely identify ways to improve our processes and tech stack by evaluating new technologies and patterns Work closely with QA to support our customer success team by responding to bugs and feedback tickets 