About AmbrookWe started Ambrook (ambrook.com) with a mission to help farmers become more profitable and more sustainable. There is a virtuous cycle between profitability and sustainability in many natural resource industries, especially agriculture. Better soil health, water conservation, and climate resilience often leads to lower costs, increased yields, and price premiums for crops or... livestock in the market. To reduce the upfront cost and knowledge barriers to implementing these practices, we are tackling an overlooked part of the operation: back office paperwork and financials. Theres tremendous room for improvement on existing software and time-consuming paperwork shuffling in the farm back office. Over time, well expand beyond agriculture to drive sustainable practices in other natural resource industries: fisheries, forestry, water, energy, mining, and more.Were a Series A startup backed by top investors (Thrive Capital, Homebrew, Designer Fund, BoxGroup, and more) and are looking for mission- and values-aligned individuals to join our fully remote founding team.Learn more about our mission and what its like to work with us.The opportunityAmbrook is building a world-class team. As one of our first Ambrook engineers, youll help drive our technical decisions and influence our product direction for years to come, with the goal of making agriculture more sustainable and profitable.Youll report directly to Ambrooks co-founder and CTO, Dan Schlosser.Were looking for someone who we can count on to Own: Delivery of elegant, performant product experiences and infrastructure. Teach: Best practices in engineering architecture, project management, and cross functional collaboration. Learn: Ins and outs of building an agrifinance and climate tech company, including the nitty gritty of agricultural bookkeeping, the larger farm finance ecosystem, and natural resource management / ESG tie-ins. Android and iOS development with React Native. Improve: Existing full-stack architecture and API, engineering tooling, and development velocity.Within 1 month you'll... Learn how to use Ambrooks tech stack to deliver a standalone feature to our customers. Analyze Ambrooks use of best practices and share a technical note with our team about where we have opportunities to improve. Familiarize yourself with Ambrooks product and our research notes and recording repository from user onboarding calls and customer discovery interviews. Embed yourself deeply in understanding the state of farm finance, building a strong intuition about customer needs and audience segmentation. Contribute to Engineering team meetings and review code from peers. Participate in meetings with producers.Within 3 months you'll... Collaborate with our Product team to influence prioritization of feature ideas and requests with insights from our audience. Collaborate with other engineers as the owner for a large, full-stack feature built into our core bookkeeping product. As the engineering owner, youll break down your project into granular pieces and practice good project management hygiene, triaging and prioritizing new issues that come in. Plan and execute improvements to our server infrastructure, databases, and CI/CD tooling. Perform end-to-end data analysis, including pipeline development, transformation, and dashboarding. Champion strong user data hygiene, operational security, and privacy practices.Within 6 months you'll... Collaborate to design and execute improvements to our engineering stack, building new processes and onboarding our team to them. Champion a culture of engineering excellence, connecting its value to the needs of our community and the broader team. Get involved in hiring and growing the team by evaluating / interviewing candidates. Write about your experience and how you improved Ambrooks engineering culture and processes in a post on Ambrook Research.About you Experience shipping web applications. Excited to build software that makes natural resource industries like agriculture more sustainable and profitable. Comfortable taking on ambiguous problems and creating elegant technical solutions Bonus: Experience in agriculture. Bonus: Experience building financial products. Bonus: Experience with Typescript, React, React Native, and/or Next.js.Our Tech Stack Next.js / React application written in Typescript Hosted on Google Cloud Firestore & Google Cloud Storage for data storage BigQuery & Data Studio for data insightsValues Real Talk  We create space for ourselves and others to be straightforward, vulnerable, and accountable. Reach Understanding  We are driven by curiosity and empathy to learn about our customers, team, and world. Be Proactively Resourceful  We are internally motivated and externally empowered to identify opportunities and solve problems. Derisk Thoughtfully  We lean into the biggest risks we face as a company and put in the work to address them systematically. Find the Positive-Sum  We believe in creating incentive structures that align the needs of our company, our customers, and our planet.Ambrook is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to building diversity and inclusion into our core company culture.Benefits Competitive compensation Health insurance 401(k) with matching contribution Paid parental leave Flexible work hours and vacation time Work-from-home/remote office stipend Wellness stipend Professional development stipend Own: Delivery of elegant, performant product experiences and infrastructure Android and iOS development with React Native Experience shipping web applications Excited to build software that makes natural resource industries like agriculture more sustainable and profitable Comfortable taking on ambiguous problems and creating elegant technical solutions Bonus: Experience with Typescript, React, React Native, and/or Next.js Reach Understanding  We are driven by curiosity and empathy to learn about our customers, team, and world Theres tremendous room for improvement on existing software and time-consuming paperwork shuffling in the farm back office Learn how to use Ambrooks tech stack to deliver a standalone feature to our customers Analyze Ambrooks use of best practices and share a technical note with our team about where we have opportunities to improve Familiarize yourself with Ambrooks product and our research notes and recording repository from user onboarding calls and customer discovery interviews Embed yourself deeply in understanding the state of farm finance, building a strong intuition about customer needs and audience segmentation Contribute to Engineering team meetings and review code from peers Participate in meetings with producers Collaborate with our Product team to influence prioritization of feature ideas and requests with insights from our audience Collaborate with other engineers as the owner for a large, full-stack feature built into our core bookkeeping product As the engineering owner, youll break down your project into granular pieces and practice good project management hygiene, triaging and prioritizing new issues that come in Plan and execute improvements to our server infrastructure, databases, and CI/CD tooling Perform end-to-end data analysis, including pipeline development, transformation, and dashboarding Champion strong user data hygiene, operational security, and privacy practices Collaborate to design and execute improvements to our engineering stack, building new processes and onboarding our team to them Champion a culture of engineering excellence, connecting its value to the needs of our community and the broader team Get involved in hiring and growing the team by evaluating / interviewing candidates Competitive compensation Health insurance 401(k) with matching contribution Paid parental leave Flexible work hours and vacation time Work-from-home/remote office stipend Wellness stipend Professional development stipend 