About LumenLumen is guided by our belief that humanity is at its best when technology advances the way we live and work. With 450,000 route fiber miles serving customers in more than 60 countries, we deliver the fastest, most secure global platform for applications and data to help businesses, government and communities deliver amazing experiences. Learn more about Lumens network, edge cloud... security and communication and collaboration solutions and our purpose to further human progress through technology at news.lumen.com, LinkedIn: /lumentechnologies, Twitter: @lumentechco, Facebook: /lumentechnologies, Instagram: @lumentechnologies and YouTube: /lumentechnologies.The RoleThe Manager, Software Engineering is responsible for helping to design and implement our vision for the future of Lumen. They have experience with software development, product delivery, agile, DevOps, and cloud computing. They are capable of leading their team by example and by contribution, as they develop and ship features. This role requires a love of learning and problem-solving, and the ability to guide a team toward implementing architectures and solutions.The Main Responsibilities Lead their team to deliver services and features that support Lumens various business units. Collaborate with the product owner and their team to prioritize delivery and clarify requirements in terms of testability, consistency, and completeness. Advocate, adopt, and coach their team on lean, agile, and DevOps engineering practices. Support their teammates through HR processes such as career growth, performance reviews, and blocker removal. Work alongside others on the team to provide architectural and design guidance. Design and help their team design solutions that include cloud computing, infrastructure, distributed systems, microservices-orientated patterns, security, and/or automation. Embrace and model a culture that promotes an empowered team environment. Acts as a servant leader to support their team.What We Look For in a Candidate Experience delivering front-end customer experience using low-code and 1-3 years developing in Vue.js 2+ years experience in Web Security Typically 3-7 years of related experience and 2+ years of previous manager-level leadership experience preferredWhat to Expect NextBased on your job application information you may be given the opportunity to complete a video interview immediately after applying. This will include a set of questions for you to record a response to in addition to Game Challenges. Completion of this video interview is a requirement in order to be considered for our open position. Now not a good time? No worries, we will also send you an email with a link to complete the video interview. We strongly recommend that you complete this within 5 days of your application date.Requisition #: 324997When applying for a position, you may be subject to a background screen (criminal records check, motor vehicle report, and/or drug screen), depending on the requirements for the position. More information on whats included in these checks can be found in the Post Offer section of our FAQ page. Job-related concerns noted in the background screen may disqualify you from the new position or your current role. Background results will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis.EEO StatementWe are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all persons regardless of race, color, ancestry, citizenship, national origin, religion, veteran status, disability, genetic characteristic or information, age, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, family status, pregnancy, or other legally protected status (collectively, protected statuses). We do not tolerate unlawful discrimination in any employment decisions, including recruiting, hiring, compensation, promotion, benefits, discipline, termination, job assignments or training.NOTE: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.DisclaimerThe above job definition information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Job duties and responsibilities are subject to change based on changing business needs and conditions.Salary RangeSalary Min :85230Salary Max :189360This information reflects the anticipated base salary range for this position based on current national data. Minimums and maximums may vary based on location. Individual pay is based on skills, experience and other relevant factors.This position is eligible for either short-term incentives or sales compensation. Director and VP positions also are eligible for long-term incentive. To learn more about our bonus structure, you can view additional information here. We're able to answer any additional questions you may have as you move through the selection process.As part of our comprehensive benefits package, Lumen offers a broad range of Health, Life, Voluntary Lifestyle and other benefits and perks that enhance your physical, mental, emotional and financial wellbeing. You can learn more by clicking here.Note: For union-represented postings, wage rates and ranges are governed by applicable collective bargaining agreement provisions.Salary RangeSalary Min :85230Salary Max :189360This information reflects the base salary pay range for this job based on current national market data. Ranges may vary based on the job's location. We offer competitive pay that varies based on individual experience, qualifications and other relevant factors. We encourage you to apply to positions that you are interested in and for which you believe you are qualified. To learn more, you are welcome to discuss with us as you move through the selection process Experience delivering front-end customer experience using low-code and 1-3 years developing in Vue.js 2+ years experience in Web Security The Manager, Software Engineering is responsible for helping to design and implement our vision for the future of Lumen They have experience with software development, product delivery, agile, DevOps, and cloud computing This role requires a love of learning and problem-solving, and the ability to guide a team toward implementing architectures and solutions Lead their team to deliver services and features that support Lumens various business units Collaborate with the product owner and their team to prioritize delivery and clarify requirements in terms of testability, consistency, and completeness Advocate, adopt, and coach their team on lean, agile, and DevOps engineering practices Support their teammates through HR processes such as career growth, performance reviews, and blocker removal Work alongside others on the team to provide architectural and design guidance Design and help their team design solutions that include cloud computing, infrastructure, distributed systems, microservices-orientated patterns, security, and/or automation Embrace and model a culture that promotes an empowered team environment Acts as a servant leader to support their team This position is eligible for either short-term incentives or sales compensation Director and VP positions also are eligible for long-term incentive 