McKesson is in the business of better health, and we touch the lives of patients in virtually every aspect of healthcare. We partner with payors, hospitals, physician offices, pharmacies, pharmaceutical companies, and others across the spectrum of care to build healthier organizations that deliver better care to patients in every setting. We believe in the importance of strong, vital organizations because we know that patients can only be healthy when our system is healthy. Every single McKesson employee contributes to our missionby joining McKesson you act as a catalyst in a chain of events that helps millions of people all over the globe. Talented, compassionate people are the future of our companyand of healthcare. At McKesson, youll collaborate on the products and solutions that help us carry out our mission to improve lives and advance healthcare. Working here is your opportunity to shape an industry thats vital to us all. We understand the importance of a system that works... together. Your expertise, drive and passion can help us improve everything we touch, from providers to payors to pharmacies. Join our team of leaders to begin a rewarding career. Wherever you contribute here at McKesson, you will have the ability to make a real impact in the lives of others. CURRENT NEED Current Need: We are currently looking for an Associate Software Engineer for our PSaS group. Summary McKesson Pharmacy Systems seeks a Software Engineer to join our growing Clinical Program Solution Software Development team. MPS offers various integrated pharmacy software solutions for the healthcare industry. Our systems are used to manage thousands of pharmacies nationwide within the independent, chain, and hospital market segments. At McKesson, our core values are the foundation of everything we do. We strive for excellence and challenge each other to raise the bar. We offer a refreshing blend of challenge and opportunity in a fun, fast-paced, collaborative work environment. At MPS, we actively work with you to invest in your professional development. Position Description We are interested in you if you have a passion for engineering quality software. We seek an entry-level software engineer to become a productive member of our team and achieve fantastic results. As a contributor within the Clinical Program Solution (CPS) research and development (R&D) team, you will work in a collaborative and highly skilled Agile team. Key Responsibilities Actively participate in the development and review of User Stories Participating in technical design and code reviews Remediating defects by solving the reported problem and thorough testing to ensure the issue is solved while leaving the surrounding code in a better state than you found it Developing and executing unit/integration tests Actively participating on cross-functional teams that may include Architects, Developers, Q/A, Product Management, Project Management, and Operations personnel Demonstrate complex topics to a diverse audience in Sprint Reviews, including business leaders and customers. Learn and understand the pharmacy domain and the unique challenges our customers face to develop solutions that help patients live healthier lives. Critical Skills Knowledge of Object-Oriented development Understanding of relational databases (such as Oracle and SQL Server) and Structured Query Language (SQL) Ability to learn and implement new technologies and processes Additional knowledge & Skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills Familiarity with Web front-end frameworks (Angular preferred) Knowledge of Cloud PaaS (Microsoft Azure preferred) Knowledge of RESTful API architecture and development Knowledge of Agile development methodologies Knowledge of Document databases (such as Cosmos) Knowledge of GITHUB Education: 4 years degree in Engineering/related field or equivalent experience Benefits & Company Statement We believe you should be rewarded for the important work you do. For that reason, you'll receive a competitive compensation and benefits package when you join our team. It starts with you. That's a simple sentence but it says a lot. It reminds each one of us that what we do matters. Every single McKesson employee contributes to our mission - whatever your title, whatever your role, you act as a catalyst in a chain of events that helps millions of people all over the globe. By connecting and improving the business of healthcare, we're helping to ensure that millions of patients get the treatment they need. And by choosing a career with McKesson, you'll join a team of passionate people working together to improve lives and advance healthcare. At McKesson, we believe we can empower healthcare. And it all starts with you. Qualified applicants will not be disqualified from consideration for employment based upon criminal history. McKesson is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer - minorities/females/veterans/persons with disabilities. Agency Statement - No agencies please. #L1-KR1 At McKesson, we care about the well-being of the patients and communities we serve, and that starts with caring for our people. Thats why we have a Total Rewards package that includes comprehensive benefits to support physical, mental, and financial well-being. Our Total Rewards offerings serve the different needs of our diverse employee population and ensure they are the healthiest versions of themselves. For more information regarding benefits at McKesson, please click here. As part of Total Rewards, we are proud to offer a competitive compensation package at McKesson. This is determined by several factors, including performance, experience and skills, equity, regular job market evaluations, and geographical markets. In addition to base pay, other compensation, such as an annual bonus or long-term incentive opportunities may be offered. Our Base Pay Range for this position $31.43 - $52.38 McKesson is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.Qualified applicants will not be disqualified from consideration for employment based upon criminal history. McKesson is committed to being an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers including job seekers with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to Disability_Accommodation@McKesson.com. Resumes or CVs submitted to this email box will not be accepted. Current employees must apply through the internal career site. Join us at McKesson! We deliver careers with purpose and potential. Our focus on better health starts with creating an inclusive environment with strong values where you can build a fulfilling career. You can count on us to provide you with resources and opportunities to grow and be your best, while contributing to our pursuit of improving lives. Every day, McKessons employees deliver products to healthcare providers that make a difference in the care and life of a patient. We work to distribute medical supplies, bandages, syringes, vials of flu vaccine, and pharmaceutical drugs to help real patients like Jack, an eight-year-old boy battling cancer. We take that job seriously. Together, the work we do is shaping the future of healthcare. If you are passionate about combining a meaningful career with a balanced life, join us on this journey and apply for a job with McKesson today. Every day, McKessons employees deliver products to healthcare providers that make a difference in the care and life of a patient. By providing your personal information here, you are acknowledging our privacy statement. (English) http://www.mckesson.com/about-mckesson/privacy-notice-careers-EN/ For information on how we use cookies and other tracking technologies on our website, see our Cookie Notice. http://www.mckesson.com/about-mckesson/cookie-notice McKesson is in the business of better health, and we touch the lives of patients in virtually every aspect of healthcare. We partner with payors, hospitals, physician offices, pharmacies, pharmaceutical companies, and others across the spectrum of care to build healthier organizations that deliver better care to patients in every setting. We believe in the importance of strong, vital organizations because we know that patients can only be healthy when our system is healthy. Every single McKesson employee contributes to our missionby joining McKesson you act as a catalyst in a chain of events that helps millions of people all over the globe. Talented, compassionate people are the future of our companyand of healthcare. At McKesson, youll collaborate on the products and solutions that help us carry out our mission to improve lives and advance healthcare. Working here is your opportunity to shape an industry thats vital to us all. We understand the importance of a system that works... together. Your expertise, drive and passion can help us improve everything we touch, from providers to payors to pharmacies. Join our team of leaders to begin a rewarding career. Wherever you contribute here at McKesson, you will have the ability to make a real impact in the lives of others. CURRENT NEED Current Need: We are currently looking for an Associate Software Engineer for our PSaS group. Summary McKesson Pharmacy Systems seeks a Software Engineer to join our growing Clinical Program Solution Software Development team. MPS offers various integrated pharmacy software solutions for the healthcare industry. Our systems are used to manage thousands of pharmacies nationwide within the independent, chain, and hospital market segments. At McKesson, our core values are the foundation of everything we do. We strive for excellence and challenge each other to raise the bar. We offer a refreshing blend of challenge and opportunity in a fun, fast-paced, collaborative work environment. At MPS, we actively work with you to invest in your professional development. Position Description We are interested in you if you have a passion for engineering quality software. We seek an entry-level software engineer to become a productive member of our team and achieve fantastic results. As a contributor within the Clinical Program Solution (CPS) research and development (R&D) team, you will work in a collaborative and highly skilled Agile team. Key Responsibilities Actively participate in the development and review of User Stories Participating in technical design and code reviews Remediating defects by solving the reported problem and thorough testing to ensure the issue is solved while leaving the surrounding code in a better state than you found it Developing and executing unit/integration tests Actively participating on cross-functional teams that may include Architects, Developers, Q/A, Product Management, Project Management, and Operations personnel Demonstrate complex topics to a diverse audience in Sprint Reviews, including business leaders and customers. Learn and understand the pharmacy domain and the unique challenges our customers face to develop solutions that help patients live healthier lives. Critical Skills Knowledge of Object-Oriented development Understanding of relational databases (such as Oracle and SQL Server) and Structured Query Language (SQL) Ability to learn and implement new technologies and processes Additional knowledge & Skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills Familiarity with Web front-end frameworks (Angular preferred) Knowledge of Cloud PaaS (Microsoft Azure preferred) Knowledge of RESTful API architecture and development Knowledge of Agile development methodologies Knowledge of Document databases (such as Cosmos) Knowledge of GITHUB Education: 4 years degree in Engineering/related field or equivalent experience Benefits & Company Statement We believe you should be rewarded for the important work you do. For that reason, you'll receive a competitive compensation and benefits package when you join our team. It starts with you. That's a simple sentence but it says a lot. It reminds each one of us that what we do matters. Every single McKesson employee contributes to our mission - whatever your title, whatever your role, you act as a catalyst in a chain of events that helps millions of people all over the globe. By connecting and improving the business of healthcare, we're helping to ensure that millions of patients get the treatment they need. And by choosing a career with McKesson, you'll join a team of passionate people working together to improve lives and advance healthcare. At McKesson, we believe we can empower healthcare. And it all starts with you. Qualified applicants will not be disqualified from consideration for employment based upon criminal history. McKesson is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer - minorities/females/veterans/persons with disabilities. Agency Statement - No agencies please. #L1-KR1 At McKesson, we care about the well-being of the patients and communities we serve, and that starts with caring for our people. Thats why we have a Total Rewards package that includes comprehensive benefits to support physical, mental, and financial well-being. Our Total Rewards offerings serve the different needs of our diverse employee population and ensure they are the healthiest versions of themselves. For more information regarding benefits at McKesson, please click here. As part of Total Rewards, we are proud to offer a competitive compensation package at McKesson. This is determined by several factors, including performance, experience and skills, equity, regular job market evaluations, and geographical markets. In addition to base pay, other compensation, such as an annual bonus or long-term incentive opportunities may be offered. Our Base Pay Range for this position $31.43 - $52.38 McKesson is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.Qualified applicants will not be disqualified from consideration for employment based upon criminal history. McKesson is committed to being an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers including job seekers with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to Disability_Accommodation@McKesson.com. Resumes or CVs submitted to this email box will not be accepted. Current employees must apply through the internal career site. Join us at McKesson! We deliver careers with purpose and potential. Our focus on better health starts with creating an inclusive environment with strong values where you can build a fulfilling career. You can count on us to provide you with resources and opportunities to grow and be your best, while contributing to our pursuit of improving lives. Every day, McKessons employees deliver products to healthcare providers that make a difference in the care and life of a patient. We work to distribute medical supplies, bandages, syringes, vials of flu vaccine, and pharmaceutical drugs to help real patients like Jack, an eight-year-old boy battling cancer. We take that job seriously. Together, the work we do is shaping the future of healthcare. If you are passionate about combining a meaningful career with a balanced life, join us on this journey and apply for a job with McKesson today. Every day, McKessons employees deliver products to healthcare providers that make a difference in the care and life of a patient. By providing your personal information here, you are acknowledging our privacy statement. (English) http://www.mckesson.com/about-mckesson/privacy-notice-careers-EN/ For information on how we use cookies and other tracking technologies on our website, see our Cookie Notice. http://www.mckesson.com/about-mckesson/cookie-notice 