C# Web Developer (Full-Stack)We are looking for an innovative Full-Stack Application Developer who thrives on wearing all kinds of hats! If you love working on all aspects of the application stack, you have found your home. We need a sharp and seasoned C# app developer who is just as comfortable with troubleshooting performance issues to creating new and exciting features in web applications... Must have a desire to understand requirements and get to the best solution, not just any old solution. You will work directly with Director of Software Development and fellow app developersHere is more of what youll get to do: Extend and maintain C# web applications and web APIs. Styling websites using HTML5, Bootstrap, CSS, and LESS. Create and modify C# ETL applications. Create and update SQL stored procedures. Assist fellow developers in supporting the platform infrastructure. Create various utilities and applications to automate business processes.Youll thrive in this role if you have: Strong .NET C# coding skills with .Net Core, with emphasis on MVC web applications. At least 4 years writing/building production .Net Core C# web applications. A good working knowledge of responsive design, CSS, LESS, and Bootstrap. Strong JavaScript skills including jQuery coding experience. Ability to write and troubleshoot SQL well beyond basic CRUD, including stored procedures, views, and table DDL ops. A clear and concise communicator, both verbal and written, employs active listening techniques Experience working with Linux and minor shell scripting Experience working with CI/CD pipelines like Jenkins or other build automation system Comfortable working with Docker, including creating images Some experience working with NGINX is a bonus.Does this position sound like something you would enjoy and be successful at, but youre not sure you have the exact qualifications to be considered? While our job descriptions are an outline for the type of candidate were looking for, it is not a checklist. We encourage you to apply!Who are we?LeadVenture is the market-leading SaaS provider of digital retailing, eCommerce, digital marketing and eCatalog solutions for dealerships across 12 industry verticals including powersports, marine, RV, pre-owned auto, agriculture and more.Our family of brands includes Dealer Spike, ARI Network Services, Inc. (ARI), Dealer Car Search, Frazer, TCS Technologies, Net Driven, Direct Communications, Inc. (DCi), Auction123, Powersports Support, Level 5, PSM Marketing, Monroney Labels, and Interact RV.In this role, youll be working with our InteractRV brand who is the premier partner provider of web technologies, digital marketing success, and internet business development; we are passionate about helping our clients, innovative with product/service offerings, and technologically progressive.LeadVenture provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, LeadVenture complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.LeadVenture expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of LeadVenture employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge We need a sharp and seasoned C# app developer who is just as comfortable with troubleshooting performance issues to creating new and exciting features in web applications Must have a desire to understand requirements and get to the best solution, not just any old solution Strong .NET C# coding skills with .Net Core, with emphasis on MVC web applications At least 4 years writing/building production .Net Core C# web applications A good working knowledge of responsive design, CSS, LESS, and Bootstrap Strong JavaScript skills including jQuery coding experience Ability to write and troubleshoot SQL well beyond basic CRUD, including stored procedures, views, and table DDL ops A clear and concise communicator, both verbal and written, employs active listening techniques Experience working with Linux and minor shell scripting Experience working with CI/CD pipelines like Jenkins or other build automation system Comfortable working with Docker, including creating images Some experience working with NGINX is a bonus You will work directly with Director of Software Development and fellow app developers Extend and maintain C# web applications and web APIs Styling websites using HTML5, Bootstrap, CSS, and LESS Create and modify C# ETL applications Create and update SQL stored procedures Assist fellow developers in supporting the platform infrastructure Create various utilities and applications to automate business processes 