About Us:Were building the next generation of live chat on the web. Ever been annoyed by a bothersome chatbot that added absolutely no value to your browsing experience? Were solving that by re-imagining live chat with video chat...ServiceBell was founded in February of 2022. To date, weve raised $7.5M from top venture capitalists including Google.If you haven't yet, check out our site!About the role:Were searching for a Staff Full Stack Software Engineer to act as pillar for our founding engineering team of 5. Were passionate about engineering craftsmanship, so youll be working on a modern tech stack with best practices from day 1.Youll be reporting directly to the CEO, with maximum freedom to accomplish your goals without red-tape holding you back from shipping great code to our incredible customers.Requirements: 8+ years working as a professional software engineer. Experience building web applications and enjoy engaging with product & design while working across both the frontend and backend stack. Proficiency with Python & Javascript/Modern React, with overweight expertise on the frontend. Significant Expertise with at least one major cloud (AWS, GCP, Azure) Ownership of the technology across our entire stack to ensure platform stability and performance is paramount. A desire to own and understand the entire breadth of our stack, from CSS animations to database migrations.Teck Stack: Frontend: React, Typescript, Redux Backend: Python, Flask, SQLAlchemy (Postgres) Hosting & Observability: AWS, Cloudflare (Workers), DatadogBenefits: Competitive salary and equity packages Top shelf hardware  Insurance (medical / dental / vision) Flexible hours (perks of remote!) Generous PTO policy 8+ years working as a professional software engineer Experience building web applications and enjoy engaging with product & design while working across both the frontend and backend stack Proficiency with Python & Javascript/Modern React, with overweight expertise on the frontend Significant Expertise with at least one major cloud (AWS, GCP, Azure) Ownership of the technology across our entire stack to ensure platform stability and performance is paramount A desire to own and understand the entire breadth of our stack, from CSS animations to database migrations Youll be reporting directly to the CEO, with maximum freedom to accomplish your goals without red-tape holding you back from shipping great code to our incredible customers Competitive salary and equity packages Top shelf hardware  Insurance (medical / dental / vision) Flexible hours (perks of remote!) Generous PTO policy 