Are you a talented high caliber engineer looking to join a collaborative team where you can make a massive impact on growing business? Do you take pride in building great software using modern technologies? Are you looking to join and build a team that makes work fun?! Do you want to help build the future of streaming media in businesses? Engineering is a tight group in which everyone has an... impact on the success of our company. If this sounds compelling, lets talk.The Rockbot team helps businesses, brands, and places succeed by empowering them to deliver better customer experiences and build stronger connections through media in real-world spaces. We are technologists, music lovers, and content creators all focused on producing the most amazing customer experience possible - and were having a great time doing it!As an iOS developer on the team, you will help lead the development of iOS native applications. Our ideal candidate is someone who continually strives to create functional applications for the user, while continuously looking for ways to make internal processes more efficient and functional. In this role, you will work cross-functionally with our Product teams to maintain and improve systems, processes, and product offerings.Were on a rocketship and expanding our business rapidly - reach out to jump aboard!You will: Develop native applications on iOS platform Implement or assist backend engineers in implementing mobile REST API endpoints (Go) Work closely with product and design to implement new functionality and features Be a leading member of the mobile engineering team as you help grow it Identify, troubleshoot, and solve complex problems Ensuring quality and performance of the application to specifications Stay on top of new technologies and trends in the mobile space Continuously look for ways to improve what we're doing and how we do itYou have: 5+ years mobile software development experience 2+ years experience with native iOS development 2+ years of experience with android development is a plus Experience deploying/managing applications in Apple App Store Experience designing and building RESTful APIs Experience with Objective-C, Swift, and Cocoa Touch. Experience with iOS Frameworks such as Core Data and Core Animation. Experience working directly with design/product to build product requirementsAbout Rockbot:Rockbot is the first streaming platform to seamlessly combine TV, Music, and Digital Signage into one simple interface enabling businesses of all sizes to easily control their guest experience. We power in-location media for dozens of industries such as fitness, retail, hotels, restaurants, major airports and SMBs everywhere. Rockbot is backed by Google Ventures, Detroit Ventures, Universal Music and other leading investors.Rockbot takes a market-based approach to pay, and pay may vary depending on your location in the U.S. The successful candidates starting pay will be determined based on job-related skills, experience, qualifications, work location, and market conditions. These ranges may be modified in the future.The compensation band for this role is $120K to $160K, plus equity, and benefits for all team members.Our Values: Ingenuity - As individuals we create. As a team we collaborate. We are driven to test, refine and grow. To tirelessly evolve our thinking and ourselves through innovation. Curiosity - We are hungry. Open and interested in paths different from our own. All perspectives are valid here and everyone is valued. When we need help, we raise our hands - no judgment. Anyone can teach and we are all ready to learn. Integrity - Failure is more than an option - it is a requirement. We fail, face our mistakes, take responsibility, regroup, reformulate and move forward together. We do this with relentless tenacity, passion, and positivity. Above all, we demand mutual respect and accountability of ourselves and those around us. It is what makes us successful. It is what makes us Rockbot.Rockbot is an Equal Opportunity Employer, but thats just the start. We believe different perspectives help us grow and achieve more. Thats why were dedicated to hiring and developing the most talented and diverse team  which includes individuals with different backgrounds, abilities, identities and experiences You have: 5+ years mobile software development experience 2+ years experience with native iOS development Experience deploying/managing applications in Apple App Store Experience designing and building RESTful APIs Experience with Objective-C, Swift, and Cocoa Touch Experience with iOS Frameworks such as Core Data and Core Animation Experience working directly with design/product to build product requirements In this role, you will work cross-functionally with our Product teams to maintain and improve systems, processes, and product offerings Implement or assist backend engineers in implementing mobile REST API endpoints (Go) Work closely with product and design to implement new functionality and features Be a leading member of the mobile engineering team as you help grow it Identify, troubleshoot, and solve complex problems Ensuring quality and performance of the application to specifications Stay on top of new technologies and trends in the mobile space The compensation band for this role is $120K to $160K, plus equity, and benefits for all team members 