When youre the best, were the best. We instill an environment where employees feel engaged, satisfied and able to contribute their unique skills and talents. We provide extensive opportunities for personal and professional development, building both employee competence and organizational capability to fuel exceptional performance now and in the future.Summary...In this role, you will design and develop new features/tools to support our industry-leading health care software. You will help solve complex problems and bring your perspective to the usage of existing solutions.Responsibilities: Design, develop, enhance, code, test, deliver and debug software. Develop and implement technology stories across multiple domains. Participate in story breakup and grooming. Participate in feature-level architecture/design sessions.Qualifications: Relevant degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or Engineering preferred. 2 or more years of experience in software development is required. Experienced with .Net, C#, and Angular is required. MS SQL, T-SQL Stored Procedures and SSIS experience highly preferred. Experience developing or consuming RESTful Web Services preferred. Experience with Microsoft Azure or other Platform as a Service (PaaS) technologies preferred. Continuous Integration (, test-driven development (TDD), and paired programming experience is preferred. You must be authorized to work in the United States without sponsorship.#LI-JB#IDSEstimated Hiring Range:$77,400.00 - $115,050.00This position is also incentive eligible.Vizient has a comprehensive benefits plan! Please view our benefits here:http://www.vizientinc.com/about-us/careersEqual Opportunity Employer: Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with DisabilitiesThe Company is committed to equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants without regard to race, religion, color, gender identity, ethnicity, age, national origin, sexual orientation, disability status, veteran status or any other category protected by applicable law 2 or more years of experience in software development is required Experienced with .Net, C#, and Angular is required You must be authorized to work in the United States without sponsorship In this role, you will design and develop new features/tools to support our industry-leading health care software You will help solve complex problems and bring your perspective to the usage of existing solutions Design, develop, enhance, code, test, deliver and debug software Develop and implement technology stories across multiple domains Participate in story breakup and grooming Participate in feature-level architecture/design sessions $77,400.00 - $115,050.00 This position is also incentive eligible Vizient has a comprehensive benefits plan! 