DescriptionThe Senior Software Engineer codes software applications based on business requirements. The Senior Software Engineer work assignments involve moderately complex to complex issues where the analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors...Are you looking for an innovative way to utilize your.NET Core software engineering skills in hybrid cloud environment and support our nation's military? Our application modernization efforts combined with new application technologies are paving our way to become a platform provider for better health and better care. We employ modern software development technologies, such as Agile processes, CI/CD pipelines and DevOps, to better meet customer requirements and provide for continuous improvement. You can be a part of our enterprise architect team and of our important mission of supporting the TRICARE healthcare program for our nation's military. Humana Government Business is a top 10 DOD contractor, with a long history in the TRICARE business and a bright future pursuing the next generation of military health contracts.ResponsibilitiesThe Senior Software Engineer standardizes the quality assurance procedure for software. Oversees testing and debugging and develops fixes. Researches complaints and makes necessary adjustments and/or recommendations to resolve complex software related issues. Begins to influence department's strategy. Makes decisions on moderately complex to complex issues regarding technical approach for project components, and work is performed without direction. Exercises considerable latitude in determining objectives and approaches to assignments.Required Qualifications Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field 5 or more years of experience designing, developing, and testing of software applications and/or infrastructure .NET ADO Must be passionate about contributing to an organization focused on continuously improving consumer experiencesPreferred Qualifications Master's DegreeAdditional InformationWork-At-Home Requirements WAH requirements: Must have the ability to provide a high speed DSL or cable modem for a home office. Associates or contractors who live and work from home in the state of California will be provided payment for their internet expense. A minimum standard speed for optimal performance of 25x10 (25mpbs download x 10mpbs upload) is required. Satellite and Wireless Internet service is NOT allowed for this role. A dedicated space lacking ongoing interruptions to protect member PHI / HIPAA informationHumana and its subsidiaries require vaccinated associates who work outside of their home to submit proof of vaccination, including COVID-19 boosters. Associates who remain unvaccinated must either undergo weekly negative COVID testing OR wear a mask at all times while in a Humana facility or while working in the field.Scheduled Weekly Hours40Humana complies with all applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or religion. We also provide free language interpreter services. See our https://www.humana.com/legal/accessibility-resources?source=Humana_Website Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field 5 or more years of experience designing, developing, and testing of software applications and/or infrastructure .NET ADO Must be passionate about contributing to an organization focused on continuously improving consumer experiences WAH requirements: Must have the ability to provide a high speed DSL or cable modem for a home office A minimum standard speed for optimal performance of 25x10 (25mpbs download x 10mpbs upload) is required The Senior Software Engineer standardizes the quality assurance procedure for software Oversees testing and debugging and develops fixes Researches complaints and makes necessary adjustments and/or recommendations to resolve complex software related issues Begins to influence department's strategy Makes decisions on moderately complex to complex issues regarding technical approach for project components, and work is performed without direction Exercises considerable latitude in determining objectives and approaches to assignments Satellite and Wireless Internet service is NOT allowed for this role A dedicated space lacking ongoing interruptions to protect member PHI / HIPAA information 