Come help us build the world's most reliable on-demand, logistics engine for delivery! We're bringing on experienced engineers to help us create and maintain a 24x7, no downtime, global infrastructure system that powers DoorDashs three-sided marketplace of consumers, merchants, and dashers.At DoorDash, our software engineers work on everything from backend systems to beautiful and thoughtful... user interfaces, to scaling products that will automate human processes and make deliveries happen as fast as possible.About the TeamSRE serves a critical role in DoorDash. They work deeply embedded in our product engineering teams and focus on contributing to the reliability and scalability of our applications and services. They understand both the application stack really well, and our infrastructure systems and tools. Because of this, their work spans both worlds and requires a diverse set of skills.About the RoleYour responsibilities include: Owning and improving the scalability and reliability of our products. Working directly with product engineering and infrastructure teams. Rolling up your sleeves with hands on designing, coding, configuring, debugging, and monitoring. Maintaining a positive and supportive work culture.Youre excited about this opportunity because you will** ** Join a growing company and grow right along with us. Take on significant technical challenges and have large impact. Have the ability to shape and improve our engineering culture.Were excited about you because You have 5+ years experience in a role to improve the reliability and scalability of systems. You have experience with RDBMS, NoSQL, search, caching, and queuing. You love systems and software and are competent in both engineering competencies. Youre curious and dive deep into different system architectures. You are organized and excellent written and verbal communicator.Why Youll Love Working at DoorDash We are leaders - Leadership is not limited to our management team. Its something everyone at DoorDash embraces and embodies. We are ** doers** - We believe the only way to predict the future is to build it. Creating solutions that will lead our company and our industry is what we do -- on every project, every day. We are learning - Were not afraid to dig in and uncover the truth, even if its scary or inconvenient. Everyone here is continually learning on the job, no matter if weve been in a role for one year or one minute. We are customer obsessed - Our mission is to grow and empower local economies. We are committed to our customers, merchants, and dashers and believe in connecting people with possibility. We are all DoorDash - The magic of DoorDash is our people, together making our inspiring goals attainable and driving us to greater heights. We offer great compensation packages and comprehensive health benefits.About DoorDashDoorDash is a technology company that connects customers with their favorite local and national businesses in over 4,000 cities and all 50 states across the United States and Canada. Founded in 2013, DoorDash empowers merchants to grow their businesses by offering on-demand delivery, data-driven insights, and better in-store efficiency, providing delightful experiences from door to door. By building the last-mile delivery infrastructure for local cities, DoorDash is bringing communities closer, one doorstep at a time. Read more on the DoorDash blog or at www.doordash.com.Our Commitment to Diversity and InclusionWere committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of the best and brightest from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.#LI-Remote Take on significant technical challenges and have large impact Have the ability to shape and improve our engineering culture You have 5+ years experience in a role to improve the reliability and scalability of systems You have experience with RDBMS, NoSQL, search, caching, and queuing You love systems and software and are competent in both engineering competencies Youre curious and dive deep into different system architectures You are organized and excellent written and verbal communicator Owning and improving the scalability and reliability of our products Working directly with product engineering and infrastructure teams Rolling up your sleeves with hands on designing, coding, configuring, debugging, and monitoring Maintaining a positive and supportive work culture We offer great compensation packages and comprehensive health benefits 