At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats... us.There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.Ready to #LiveCrypto? Who you are: Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow. You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job. You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100% responsibility for achieving our mission. You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone.Coinbase is seeking software engineer interns to join our team to build new features that improve existing products like Coinbase.com, Prime, Wallet, etc. You will solve unique, large scale, highly complex technical problems. You will help build the next generation of systems to make cryptocurrency accessible to everyone across the globe (www, iOS, Android), operating real-time applications with high frequency, low latency updates, keeping the platform safe from fraud, enabling delightful experiences, and managing the most secure, dockerized infrastructure running in the cloud.What youll be doing (ie. job duties): Write high quality, well tested code to meet the needs of your customers Work on projects with engineers, designers, product managers, and senior leadership to help turn our product and technical vision into a tangible roadmapWhat we look for in you (ie. job requirements): Currently enrolled and pursuing a Bachelors, Masters, or PhD in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics or a related field Have programming experience (in a class, for fun, at a job) -- most of our systems are written in Golang, JavaScript, and Ruby but experience with any is not a strict requirement. Enjoy thinking about how people interact with products and building experiences that users love Self-motivated and committed to personal growth Approach problems with positive energyPay Transparency Notice: Target hourly pay rate for this role is $50.00 per hour.ID: G2425Commitment to Equal OpportunityCoinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links. Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information. For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and ApplicantsDepending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here Youve got positive energy Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there Youre never tired of learning You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0 You appreciate direct communication Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other You want to be part of a winning team Currently enrolled and pursuing a Bachelors, Masters, or PhD in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics or a related field Have programming experience (in a class, for fun, at a job) -- most of our systems are written in Golang, JavaScript, and Ruby but experience with any is not a strict requirement Enjoy thinking about how people interact with products and building experiences that users love Self-motivated and committed to personal growth Approach problems with positive energy You will solve unique, large scale, highly complex technical problems You will help build the next generation of systems to make cryptocurrency accessible to everyone across the globe (www, iOS, Android), operating real-time applications with high frequency, low latency updates, keeping the platform safe from fraud, enabling delightful experiences, and managing the most secure, dockerized infrastructure running in the cloud Write high quality, well tested code to meet the needs of your customers Work on projects with engineers, designers, product managers, and senior leadership to help turn our product and technical vision into a tangible roadmap Pay Transparency Notice: Target hourly pay rate for this role is $50.00 per hour 