ThreeFlow is looking for teammates who are naturally curious and love to ask questions, even when it means questioning industry standards. We cultivate an inclusive culture where everyone can contribute, grow, and feel valued. As a senior software engineer at ThreeFlow, youll jump right in and work on projects that are important to our success. Our team collaborates to plan and execute on... engineering projects that help ThreeFlow scale and move forward. Our tech stack is Rails, Postgresql, AWS, and Vue.js.About the role Help build out our Broker Connect API platform so we can integrate with multiple broker management systems in the next year Collaborate with engineering team to build and revise the API that provides the backbone for our three Vue.js-based UIs: Broker, Carrier, and Underwriting Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable Rails code, ranging from groups of back-end micro-services to command line utilities and data processing scripts Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of our applications by helping to identify bottlenecks and bugs and devise solutions to these problems Ensure our teams code is tested, maintainable and able to change to meet the needs of our business and customersAbout you 5+ years of experience building highly available API platforms Experience delivering third-party integration projects via microservices with event and data sharing across multiple platforms Experience with Ruby, Rspec, or a similar programming language Experience with PostgreSQL, with the ability to understand and write efficient queries taking full advantage of Postgres JSON/B data types Comfortable working on an agile SCRUM team and enjoy learning new concepts, processes, and technologies Comfortable communicating technical problems and potential solutions across multiple teams, departments, and levels; leverages experience to anticipate, iterate on, and solve problems Knowledge and experience working with AWS, OpsWorks, and/or Terraform are nice to have, though not requiredPlease note that immigration sponsorship (H-1B, TN, etc.) is not currently available for this position.NoticeScams in which fraudsters impersonate legitimate businesses for personal gain are on the rise and can come in many forms. ThreeFlow doesnt interview candidates via email, and job offers are only extended by the hiring manager after a thorough interview process involving phone and/or Zoom interviews. Our recruiters only use @threeflow.com email addresses, and we'll never ask you to provide sensitive information like your social security number or bank account details as a part of our interview process or through a PDF form. If you receive a suspicious email regarding a position or job offer with ThreeFlow, please dont respond. Report it as spam, and forward that email to careers@threeflow.com.Our (FTE) benefits Competitive salary and equity Comprehensive health benefits for you and your family 401(k) plan Generous paid time off Paid parental leave Stipend to improve your work from home experience Stipend for learning and developmentOur valuesThreeFlow's core values are the foundation of our culture and remain constant as we grow. Constantly push boundariesWe think beyond what might be easy or obvious when we're problem solving. We get scrappy and creative in front of hurdles. Collaborate enthusiasticallyOur collaboration as a team is our most valuable asset. Were able to go farther when we act together. Work with respectWere deliberate, honest, and kind with the words and actions we use. We believe people have positive intent with their actions. Grow togetherWe value developing ourselves personally and professionally to achieve our goals. We encourage taking chances and celebrate curiosity.About ThreeFlowThreeFlow is a Benefits Placement System, a new category of enterprise software that allows benefits brokers and insurance carriers to manage the entire placement process in one shared system. We make it easier for carriers to win business and brokers to empower employers with the details they need to make better decisions. By connecting people, systems, and information, we enable easier communication, a quicker process, and better decisions making busy people more productive. Learn more at threeflow.comThreeFlow is committed to building an inclusive working environment regardless of gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, education, age, or other personal characteristics. We believe that people do their best work when they can be themselves, and were creating an environment to enable them to do just that About you 5+ years of experience building highly available API platforms Experience delivering third-party integration projects via microservices with event and data sharing across multiple platforms Experience with Ruby, Rspec, or a similar programming language Experience with PostgreSQL, with the ability to understand and write efficient queries taking full advantage of Postgres JSON/B data types Comfortable working on an agile SCRUM team and enjoy learning new concepts, processes, and technologies Comfortable communicating technical problems and potential solutions across multiple teams, departments, and levels; leverages experience to anticipate, iterate on, and solve problems Knowledge and experience working with AWS, OpsWorks, and/or Terraform are nice to have, though not required Collaborate with engineering team to build and revise the API that provides the backbone for our three Vue.js-based UIs: Broker, Carrier, and Underwriting Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable Rails code, ranging from groups of back-end micro-services to command line utilities and data processing scripts Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of our applications by helping to identify bottlenecks and bugs and devise solutions to these problems Ensure our teams code is tested, maintainable and able to change to meet the needs of our business and customers Our (FTE) benefits Competitive salary and equity Comprehensive health benefits for you and your family 401(k) plan Generous paid time off Paid parental leave Stipend to improve your work from home experience Stipend for learning and development 