OX creates the world's first Human Centered Automation for frontline operators. We leverage the power of technologies such as AI, CV, and AR/XR to automate manual processes through a seamless Operator Experience (OX).We've been featured on industry-leading publications like Forbes, Business Insider, and the New York Times. Our investors are prominent leaders in the space--including Steve Case... the Founder/CEO of AOL. Over the past 18 months, we have raised $6M in venture funding and have scaled to a team of 33 full-time employees.Come join us!We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer/Architect to join our team as we grow to meet the rising demand from our corporate partners. An ideal candidate has expert experience designing and implementing lower level software components (functions and classes), and is comfortable designing and implementing higher level systems. Were looking for someone who has experience with software design patterns, SOLID coding principles, layered architecture,Ox creates a leading-edge fulfillment automation platform. We leverage the power of emerging technologies such as AI, CV, and AR/XR to automate manual fulfillment processes. Our technology empowers warehouse and retail associates to do more.We are proud to have been recognized by industry-leading publications like the New York Times, Forbes, Business Insider, Axios, and TechCrunch. Our investors have funded/founded unicorns like Flexport, Pipe, Fair, Backlot Cars and NastyGal... and we're next ;)Come join us!What youll do Build modular web/mobile applications that can scale to hundreds of clients and millions of fulfillment actions per day. Integrate with external REST APIs. Implement intelligent routing algorithms and optimize logistics processes. Contribute to and/or lead technical meetings with clients at various stages of the customer journey. Build high-throughput backend services. Contribute to Code Reviews Ensure stability and scalability as we onboard and deploy to new partners. Extend our platform to handle an expanding set of features. Have fun!Who you are 6+ years of professional software engineering experience with a degree in Computer Science, or 9+ years demonstrated practical experience. A principled engineer with a mastery of Javascript. Bonus points if skilled using React and Node.js Lifelong learner interested in a broad area of technologies spanning numerous programming languages, frameworks, and development environments. Interested in using emerging technologies to solve the problems of large Fortune 500 companies. Experience with modern cloud platforms from Google. Good understanding of the HTTP stack and REST APIs Open to growing into a leadership position on the engineering team. Excited about using technology to empower workers An ideal candidate has expert experience designing and implementing lower level software components (functions and classes), and is comfortable designing and implementing higher level systems Were looking for someone who has experience with software design patterns, SOLID coding principles, layered architecture, 6+ years of professional software engineering experience with a degree in Computer Science, or 9+ years demonstrated practical experience A principled engineer with a mastery of Javascript Bonus points if skilled using React and Node.js Lifelong learner interested in a broad area of technologies spanning numerous programming languages, frameworks, and development environments Interested in using emerging technologies to solve the problems of large Fortune 500 companies Experience with modern cloud platforms from Google Good understanding of the HTTP stack and REST APIs Open to growing into a leadership position on the engineering team Excited about using technology to empower workers! Build modular web/mobile applications that can scale to hundreds of clients and millions of fulfillment actions per day Integrate with external REST APIs Implement intelligent routing algorithms and optimize logistics processes Contribute to and/or lead technical meetings with clients at various stages of the customer journey Build high-throughput backend services Contribute to Code Reviews Ensure stability and scalability as we onboard and deploy to new partners Extend our platform to handle an expanding set of features 