LOOM is a platform for sexual and reproductive wellbeing. Backed by leading venture funds and weaving together inclusivity, empathy, and science, we are building an entirely new approach to online health education covering everything from periods and sex to pregnancy and menopause.LOOM is hiring a Senior React Native Engineer to be the first software engineer on our exceptional, growing team... and assume leadership of our iOS app. You will have a hands-on, impactful role in building an innovative approach to digital education as you work with LOOMs team to fulfill our mission of helping women learn about their bodies and find care they can trust. You will work closely with our product team as you strategize and develop LOOMs iOS app through our public launch and beyond.Our tech stack: ReactNative, Typescript, Python/Flask, Javascript, NodeJS, GCP, Postgres, CircleCI and Contentful.What Youll Do: Assume leadership of the development of our mobile app. Work with the product team to evolve the technical roadmap and strategy. Write clean, high-quality code and tests while keeping the user experience on mobile fast and reliable. Maintain and update technical documentation. Monitor and resolve client-side issues. Uphold industry standards and engineering best practices while remaining pragmatic and bringing consistency to codebases and processes you encounter. Work with a wide range of systems, processes, and technologies to own and solve problems from end to end. Work with the Head of Product and Product Design Lead to analyze product usage. Deploy frequent improvements to make the platform more performant, reliable, secure, testable, and maintainable. Translate and enable arising business functions and requirements: Research and recommend suitable technology solutions and platforms. Develop functional specifications that can be executed in development. Build new and extend existing features for both internal and external users.Required Technical Skills & Qualifications: At least 3+ years of production development experience. Deep expertise with React Native. You know all the ins and outs of React Native/Firebase, are intimately familiar with deployment and release processes for the App/Play Stores, and have an arsenal of favorite tools and libraries you love to bring to projects you work on. Experience with modern JS, TS, React development tools, knowledge of testing tools. Demonstrated successful history of taking products through launch and leading through rapid iteration cycles. Demonstrated experience with feature ownership. Solution-oriented thinking and obsession with implementing designs/functionality as specified. Experience working in early-stage product environments or new product development. Comfort with helping develop feature requirements and driving the development in collaboration with the product team. Experience upholding best practices in engineering, security, and design. Have a belief in automation and tooling as a critical part of the software lifecycle.Preferred Skills & Qualifications: Experience with headless CMS implementation such as Contentful. Solid knowledge of algorithms and design patterns.Why Were Excited About You: You have an entrepreneurial mindset, a high tolerance for ambiguity, a penchant for experimentation, and a bias toward action. You are deeply empathetic, constantly putting yourself in the shoes of our users and other team members. You have a strong product sensibility and obsess about the design, but balance that obsession with pragmatism and efficiency in implementation on the engineering side. Youre a problem solver. You find creative, sustainable, and simple solutions to solve the root of the problem. Your solutions solve not only the current issues, but build the foundation for the future. You have excellent written and verbal communication skills. You have a strong point of view that youre willing to defend thoughtfully, and you dont shy away from debating ideas to arrive at the best solution. You also enjoy the process of collaborative decision-making.Why Youre Excited About Us: Using software to provide excellent digital educational content is at the heart of what we build at LOOM. This role will have a tremendous opportunity to shape our platform, product, and long-term strategy. Were doing work that matters and wants to change the world for women. As a certified B-Corp, were not only interested in our economic success but continually work to support organizations and efforts that fight for Reproductive Justice and health equity. Our company is Black-owned, activist, and political. An unapologetic focus on diversity, equality, and Reproductive Justice underpins our work.LOOM focuses on Education, Health and Wellness, Healthcare Services, and Education Technology. Their company has offices in Los Angeles. They have a small team that's between 1-10 employees. To date, LOOM has raised $3M of funding; their latest round was closed on July 2020.You can view their website at https://loomhq.com or find them on Twitter and LinkedIn At least 3+ years of production development experience Deep expertise with React Native You know all the ins and outs of React Native/Firebase, are intimately familiar with deployment and release processes for the App/Play Stores, and have an arsenal of favorite tools and libraries you love to bring to projects you work on Experience with modern JS, TS, React development tools, knowledge of testing tools Demonstrated successful history of taking products through launch and leading through rapid iteration cycles Demonstrated experience with feature ownership Solution-oriented thinking and obsession with implementing designs/functionality as specified Experience working in early-stage product environments or new product development Comfort with helping develop feature requirements and driving the development in collaboration with the product team Experience upholding best practices in engineering, security, and design Have a belief in automation and tooling as a critical part of the software lifecycle You have an entrepreneurial mindset, a high tolerance for ambiguity, a penchant for experimentation, and a bias toward action You are deeply empathetic, constantly putting yourself in the shoes of our users and other team members You have a strong product sensibility and obsess about the design, but balance that obsession with pragmatism and efficiency in implementation on the engineering side Youre a problem solver You have excellent written and verbal communication skills You have a strong point of view that youre willing to defend thoughtfully, and you dont shy away from debating ideas to arrive at the best solution You also enjoy the process of collaborative decision-making You will have a hands-on, impactful role in building an innovative approach to digital education as you work with LOOMs team to fulfill our mission of helping women learn about their bodies and find care they can trust You will work closely with our product team as you strategize and develop LOOMs iOS app through our public launch and beyond Assume leadership of the development of our mobile app Work with the product team to evolve the technical roadmap and strategy Write clean, high-quality code and tests while keeping the user experience on mobile fast and reliable Maintain and update technical documentation Monitor and resolve client-side issues Uphold industry standards and engineering best practices while remaining pragmatic and bringing consistency to codebases and processes you encounter Work with a wide range of systems, processes, and technologies to own and solve problems from end to end Work with the Head of Product and Product Design Lead to analyze product usage Deploy frequent improvements to make the platform more performant, reliable, secure, testable, and maintainable Translate and enable arising business functions and requirements: Research and recommend suitable technology solutions and platforms Develop functional specifications that can be executed in development Build new and extend existing features for both internal and external users 