Job Description:The Software Engineer works effectively across the entire software development life cycle using C# & SQL. This includes requirements definition, prototyping, detailed design, coding, testing, deployment, and support of the day-to-day operation of production systems. The Software Engineer is expected to collaborate with technical staff, management, and business operations staff... throughout all phases of the software development life cycle in order to deliver working solutions to complex business problems according to agreed upon timelines and budgets to support the mission, vision, and values of Intermountain Healthcare.The technical lead role is a top level contributor and expert, both in software development skills as well as in business domain knowledge. Responsible for implementing and/or integrating new products, processes, methodologies, frameworks, and technologies. Serves as a technical consultant/specialist both inside Intermountain Healthcare and to outside organizations. Provides guidance, input, and instruction to all lower level technical professionals. Primary assignment involves Intermountain's most complex and critical systems and applications.Unfortunately, we are not currently considering candidates for this position that require visa sponsorship. We apologize for the inconvenience.Job Essentials Manage a team of software development engineers. Hire, mentor and coach Software Engineers to build a high performing Team. Codes, tests, debugs, and documents more-complex programs, and enhances existing programs to ensure that production systems continue to meet user needs. Coordinates interface with user management regarding project status, direction and user needs to promote an environment of user cooperation and satisfaction. Coordinates with the testing process through test review and analysis, test witnessing and certification of software. Identifies and resolves system operating problems in order to provide business continuity. Leads development of high level system architecture documents and detailed design specifications to serve as a guide for system/application development. Assists in project governance process and prioritization of work. Leads scheduling, determining manpower requirements, and estimating costs to project completion in order to meet user requirements. Maintains an expert-level understanding of industry application development best practices, tools, programming languages and techniques. Keeps current with new developments in the information technology industry and may lead development and implementation of organizational and departmental standards and methodologies. Provides guidance and training to all levels of software engineers in order to improve productivity. Coordinates work teams. Provides technical support to project team members. Relies on extensive experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. Demonstrates expertise in a variety of software engineering concepts, practices, and procedures. May provide consultation on a variety of complex projects and is considered to be a top-level contributor/specialist. Entrusted to exercise a wide degree of creativity and latitude in finding solutions to complex problems. Works with external software suppliers to coordinate software integration and resolution of problems.Minimum QualificationsBachelor's degree in computer science, programming, or other technical field. Degree must be obtained through an accredited institution. Education is verified. or -Four years of equivalent technical experience. and -Eight years of professional software development experience. and -Experience being the technical lead on enterprise-level systems.Preferred QualificationsTwo years of experience supervising Software Engineers.C# & SQL skills.Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment is crucial. and -Two years of healthcare related software development experience. and -Experience in healthcare software development. and -Proven analytical and problem-solving abilities. and -Adept at conducting research into software-related issues and products. and -Ability to learn, understand, and apply new technologies. and -Strong written and oral communication skills. and -Strong interpersonal and customer service skills. and -Highly self motivated and directed. and -Keen attention to detail. and -Knowledge of applicable data privacy practices and laws.#LI-EXECRCPhysical Requirements:Interact with others requiring the employee to communicate information. and -Operate computers and other IT equipment requiring the ability to move fingers and hands. and -See and read computer monitors and documents. and -Remain sitting or standing for long periods of time to perform work on a computer, telephone, or other equipment.Location:SelectHealth - MurrayWork City:MurrayWork State:UtahScheduled Weekly Hours:40The hourly range for this position is listed below. Actual hourly rate dependent upon experience.$58.30 - $91.79We care about your well-being  mind, body, and spirit  which is why we provide our caregivers a generous benefits package that covers a wide range of programs to foster a sustainable culture of wellness that encompasses living healthy, happy, secure, connected, and engaged. Learn more about our comprehensive benefits package (https://intermountainhealthcare.org/careers/working-for-intermountain/employee-benefits/) and our commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion (https://intermountainhealthcare.org/careers/working-for-intermountain/diversity/) .Intermountain Healthcare is a Utah-based, not-for-profit system of 33 hospitals (includes "virtual" hospital), a Medical Group with more than 3,800 physicians and advanced practice clinicians at about 385 clinics, a health plans division called SelectHealth, and other health services. Helping people live the healthiest lives possible, Intermountain is widely recognized as a leader in clinical quality improvement and efficient healthcare delivery.Join our world-class team and embark on a career filled with opportunities, strength, innovation, and fulfillment.To find out more about us, head to our career site here (https://intermountainhealthcare.org/careers/?utm_source=Workday&utm_medium=Redirect&utm_campaign=CareerHome_workday) .Sign up for job alerts! Click sign in at the top right corner, create a candidate account, and when we have opportunities that meet your interests, you will receive an email with the job details.Intermountain Healthcare strives to make the application process accessible to all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact 1-800-843-7820 or email recruitment@imail.org . This contact information is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.Intermountain Healthcare is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.We intentionally work toward an Intermountain Healthcare that reflects our diverse communities and provides culturally competent care, health equity, and a sense of belonging amongst all our caregivers (employees). This is an important part of fulfilling our mission to help people live the healthiest lives possible. The three pillars of our work are talent experience with Intermountain (application, internship, development, etc.), community benefit, and care delivery.Learn more about diversity at Intermountain, here. (https://intermountainhealthcare.org/careers/working-for-intermountain/diversity/)Introduce yourself to our Talent Acquisition team and we will get in touch if there is a role that seems like a good match.Intermountain Healthcares PEAK program supports caregivers in the pursuit of their education goals and career aspirations by providing up-front tuition coverage paid directly to the academic institution. The program offers 100+ learning options to choose from, including undergraduate studies, high school diplomas, and professional skills and certificates. Caregivers are eligible to participate in PEAK on day 1 of employment. Learn more. (https://intermountainhealthcare.org/careers/working-for-intermountain/employee-benefits/peak-program/)The primary intent of this job description is to set a fair and equitable rate of pay for this classification. Only those key duties necessary for proper job evaluation and/or labor market analysis have been included. Other duties may be assigned by the supervisor.All positions subject to close without notice. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. Women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, and veterans are encouraged to apply.Thanks for your interest in continuing your career with our team Bachelor's degree in computer science, programming, or other technical field Degree must be obtained through an accredited institution Four years of equivalent technical experience Experience being the technical lead on enterprise-level systems Two years of experience supervising Software Engineers C# & SQL skills Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment is crucial Proven analytical and problem-solving abilities Strong written and oral communication skills Highly self motivated and directed The Software Engineer works effectively across the entire software development life cycle using C# & SQL This includes requirements definition, prototyping, detailed design, coding, testing, deployment, and support of the day-to-day operation of production systems The Software Engineer is expected to collaborate with technical staff, management, and business operations staff throughout all phases of the software development life cycle in order to deliver working solutions to complex business problems according to agreed upon timelines and budgets to support the mission, vision, and values of Intermountain Healthcare The technical lead role is a top level contributor and expert, both in software development skills as well as in business domain knowledge Responsible for implementing and/or integrating new products, processes, methodologies, frameworks, and technologies Serves as a technical consultant/specialist both inside Intermountain Healthcare and to outside organizations Provides guidance, input, and instruction to all lower level technical professionals Hire, mentor and coach Software Engineers to build a high performing Team Codes, tests, debugs, and documents more-complex programs, and enhances existing programs to ensure that production systems continue to meet user needs Coordinates interface with user management regarding project status, direction and user needs to promote an environment of user cooperation and satisfaction Coordinates with the testing process through test review and analysis, test witnessing and certification of software Identifies and resolves system operating problems in order to provide business continuity Leads development of high level system architecture documents and detailed design specifications to serve as a guide for system/application development Assists in project governance process and prioritization of work Leads scheduling, determining manpower requirements, and estimating costs to project completion in order to meet user requirements Maintains an expert-level understanding of industry application development best practices, tools, programming languages and techniques Keeps current with new developments in the information technology industry and may lead development and implementation of organizational and departmental standards and methodologies Provides guidance and training to all levels of software engineers in order to improve productivity Provides technical support to project team members Relies on extensive experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals May provide consultation on a variety of complex projects and is considered to be a top-level contributor/specialist Entrusted to exercise a wide degree of creativity and latitude in finding solutions to complex problems Works with external software suppliers to coordinate software integration and resolution of problems Adept at conducting research into software-related issues and products Interact with others requiring the employee to communicate information Operate computers and other IT equipment requiring the ability to move fingers and hands See and read computer monitors and documents Remain sitting or standing for long periods of time to perform work on a computer, telephone, or other equipment Actual hourly rate dependent upon experience $58.30 - $91.79 The program offers 100+ learning options to choose from, including undergraduate studies, high school diplomas, and professional skills and certificates 