At Janus, we believe in a world where healthcare functions efficiently. Join us on our mission to improve the lives of administrative workers and fundamentally change the way work is done. Our team is building a world-class process improvement platform to help healthcare providers generate more cash with less resources.We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer to join our Automation... Platform team! This team builds and maintains the complex systems that enable our automation products to scale and provide the maximum value to our customers. With the freedom to work autonomously and take ownership of projects within our platform and product stack, this person will have a profound impact on our foundational technologies. This person will also help shape our Platform team as a mentor and leader. Our Senior Software Engineers enjoy solving problems, helping teammates become better versions of themselves, and are eager to dive in and learn new things. Build, design and maintain complex systems across the stack, with an emphasis on backend systems. Utilize a wide range of leading edge technology, such as Node.js, TypeScript, Angular, and AWS services like ECS/EKS, Elasticsearch, ElastiCache, S3, and more. Deploy understanding of API design, relational databases, and what it takes to build performant backend systems. Proactively identify and solve bugs/faults in the platform ecosystem. Communicate with colleagues, managers, and stakeholders daily. Contribute positively to team and company culture. Plan and deliver software platforms and products across multiple organizational units. Accomplish company goals by accepting ownership of new and different requests.Requirements 5+ years of relevant work experience Strong communication skills SQL and database experience Strong knowledge of JavaScript/TypeScript, and Node.js Software engineering fundamentals (OOP, design patterns, abstraction-first thinking, etc) Experience with cloud development, AWS specifically is a plus Passion for growing your skills, tackling interesting work and complex problems Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent experienceIn addition, these skills would be helpful: Understanding of event-based frameworks (Kafka, Streams, etc.) Experience building development systems such as CI/CD and Test Automation, Jenkins specifically is a plus Experience using Test Driven Development (TDD) and Agile methodologies Experience with automation systems Experience with OpenCV or related computer vision technologies Experience with Python, data engineering, and/or data scienceBenefits 100% Company Paid Medical for employee coverage & a generous contribution for dependent coverage. Unlimited PTO which is actually used! Take the time you need to be successful. Employee Stock Options because we are building something together and want to share in the value we create Work when and where you need with our flexible schedules and environments. Save for your retirement with a 401k planInclusivityAt Janus, we're committed to growing and empowering an inclusive community within our company and communities. This is why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of the best and brightest from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives across our organization. We are an equal opportunities employer and encourage everyone to apply for our available positions, even if they don't meet every requirement  including women, people of color, individuals with disabilities and those in the LGBTQIA+ community.We are the Shapers of CultureOur employees are our greatest asset, and we are passionate about creating strong culture with deep purpose. We are entrepreneurial and focused, yet humble, empathetic and inclusive. We value the individual and tackle problems as a team. The best idea wins, and teams celebrate together. We're remote-first, well-funded, and growing fast!We pride ourselves on being true to ourselves and authentic. We stand on the following tenets: Ownership - everyone is a contributor and is empowered to drive improvement. Curiosity - playing and learning every day. Eagerness - demolishing barriers to building and innovating. Radical Transparency - openness in communication and decision making across the organization. Partnership over Profit - prioritizing long-term relationships. Humility - we strive to be team players, setting aside ego. Community - nurturing an environment where all employees and partners can thrive.Our team is fun, innovative and willing to rollup our sleeves to help each other succeed in a fast-paced environment.Disclaimer:This job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change or new ones may be assigned.This job description does not constitute a contract of employment and Janus Health Technologies, Inc. may exercise its employment-at-will rights at any time 5+ years of relevant work experience Strong communication skills SQL and database experience Strong knowledge of JavaScript/TypeScript, and Node.js Software engineering fundamentals (OOP, design patterns, abstraction-first thinking, etc) Passion for growing your skills, tackling interesting work and complex problems Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent experience Understanding of event-based frameworks (Kafka, Streams, etc.) Experience using Test Driven Development (TDD) and Agile methodologies Experience with automation systems Experience with OpenCV or related computer vision technologies Experience with Python, data engineering, and/or data science Curiosity - playing and learning every day Eagerness - demolishing barriers to building and innovating Radical Transparency - openness in communication and decision making across the organization Build, design and maintain complex systems across the stack, with an emphasis on backend systems Utilize a wide range of leading edge technology, such as Node.js, TypeScript, Angular, and AWS services like ECS/EKS, Elasticsearch, ElastiCache, S3, and more Deploy understanding of API design, relational databases, and what it takes to build performant backend systems Proactively identify and solve bugs/faults in the platform ecosystem Communicate with colleagues, managers, and stakeholders daily Contribute positively to team and company culture Plan and deliver software platforms and products across multiple organizational units Accomplish company goals by accepting ownership of new and different requests 100% Company Paid Medical for employee coverage & a generous contribution for dependent coverage Unlimited PTO which is actually used! Work when and where you need with our flexible schedules and environments Save for your retirement with a 401k plan 