UWorld is a leader in online test prep for college entrance, undergraduate, graduate, and professional licensing exams throughout the United States. Since 2003, over a million students have trusted us to help them prepare for high-stakes examinations.UWorld is seeking a Android Developer who is passionate about building great Android apps and enjoys taking on new challenges. The Android... Developer will be responsible for collaborating with a team of mobile app developers and end-to-end development of native Android apps for our online test delivery platform.Your Role Design and develop features for our Android application(s) that target our key customer segments. Collaborate with the team lead in setting up application architecture to improve scalability, performance, and usability. Learn from user feedback and market research to provide cutting-edge features to users. Design and develop app-based analytics that may guide future UI improvements, business strategy, or subject matter changes. Collaborate with other software developers, product designers, and UX designers in building application prototypes and proofs-of-concepts. Work with QA engineers to ensure quality and reliability of all apps by process of continuous improvement. Continuously review other platform-specific features so all apps provide a consistent user experience. Conduct code reviews with the team to ensure the team is employing best programming practices and meeting standards for code documentation. Function as a subject matter expert for all things - coding, tools usage, processes, and procedures to help guide others to create and maintain a healthy codebase.Environment: Java, Kotlin, Android SDK, Relational Databases (MS-SQL, MySQL, etc), NoSQL (MongoDB, CosmosDB, etc), HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, TypeScript, Bootstrap, Material Design principles. Minimum Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field 2+ years of experience in mobile applications development 2+ years of experience in Android app development using Java or Kotlin. Experience in launching and supporting several commercially deployed applications. Experience with third-party tools integrations using APIs and REST services Experience in Mobile Application Development Frameworks, Design Guidelines, design patterns and cross-platform tools Exposure towards creating custom UI controls. Experience in developing multimedia-based applications or ed-tech applications (preferred not a must)Soft Skills Working proficiency and communication skills in verbal and written English Excellent interpersonal skills demonstrating the ability to articulate ideas clearly, concisely, and persuasively. Excellent attention to detail and organization skills and ability to understand direction and feedback. Ability to adapt, switch gears, and thrive in a fast-paced environment. Exceptional follow-through, personal drive, and the desire to make a difference. Competitive compensation (contingent on experience). Paid time off (based on sliding scale according to hire date and work hours). Comprehensive benefits package (medical, vision, dental, life, disability). Onsite work environment, 4 days with 1 day remotely each week. 401(k) plan for retirement with 5% employer matching (eligibility after 90 days of employment). On-site group fitness classes and relaxed work environment.At UWorld, we believe strength is derived from the talents, ideas, and experiences of a diverse workforce. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, or any other protected class. UWorld is proud to be an equal opportunity employer providing a drug-free workplace. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know Minimum Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field 2+ years of experience in mobile applications development 2+ years of experience in Android app development using Java or Kotlin Experience in launching and supporting several commercially deployed applications Experience with third-party tools integrations using APIs and REST services Experience in Mobile Application Development Frameworks, Design Guidelines, design patterns and cross-platform tools Exposure towards creating custom UI controls Working proficiency and communication skills in verbal and written English Excellent interpersonal skills demonstrating the ability to articulate ideas clearly, concisely, and persuasively Excellent attention to detail and organization skills and ability to understand direction and feedback Ability to adapt, switch gears, and thrive in a fast-paced environment Exceptional follow-through, personal drive, and the desire to make a difference On-site group fitness classes and relaxed work environment The Android Developer will be responsible for collaborating with a team of mobile app developers and end-to-end development of native Android apps for our online test delivery platform Design and develop features for our Android application(s) that target our key customer segments Collaborate with the team lead in setting up application architecture to improve scalability, performance, and usability Learn from user feedback and market research to provide cutting-edge features to users Design and develop app-based analytics that may guide future UI improvements, business strategy, or subject matter changes Collaborate with other software developers, product designers, and UX designers in building application prototypes and proofs-of-concepts Work with QA engineers to ensure quality and reliability of all apps by process of continuous improvement Continuously review other platform-specific features so all apps provide a consistent user experience Conduct code reviews with the team to ensure the team is employing best programming practices and meeting standards for code documentation Function as a subject matter expert for all things - coding, tools usage, processes, and procedures to help guide others to create and maintain a healthy codebase Paid time off (based on sliding scale according to hire date and work hours) Comprehensive benefits package (medical, vision, dental, life, disability) Onsite work environment, 4 days with 1 day remotely each week 