Our Opportunity:Chewy is seeking a talented and motivated Senior Android Developer to join our team in Bellevue, WA. As a senior Android Developer, you will serve as a lead engineer to design and build new features to wow and delight pet parents in our mobile app. The ideal candidate succeeds in a fast-paced environment, is self-motivated, and has a passion for both delivering high quality... features for our customers while solving business and technology problems. You work independently but understand the importance of teamwork and mentorship. You need to be comfortable contributing to every aspect of shipping a consumer app - whether that's testing, development, or improving build scripts. We pride ourselves on the Chewy culture and are looking for teammates who value collaboration, innovative problem solving, and shipping quality products so that we can continue to provide the best possible experience for our loyal Chewy customers.What Youll Do: Contribute to the Chewy.com native Kotlin Android ecommerce app Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, architect, and ship new features Leverage modern architectural patterns, third party libraries, and Kotlin to deliver new features Have input on architectural decisions and improvements to core internal Android libraries Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new mobile technologies Work with outside data sources and APIs (gRPC & REST)What Youll Need: 5+ years of industry experience working on consumer facing Android apps. Exceptional leadership and communication skills. Proficiency in mobile app architecture, accessibility, internationalization, security, and privacy. A strong grasp on the development, testing, and release lifecycles of mobile apps. The ability to clearly and effectively communicate ideas in a team environment. Intimate familiarity with Android SDK, testing frameworks, and build tooling. Experience with Dependency Injection, modern architectural patterns, and Android best practices. Passionate about learning and building with the latest and greatest in Android. Working knowledge of the mobile landscape, architectural patterns, trends, and emerging technologies. Experience developing software in an agile environment with CI/CD. Expert understanding how to build UI components and frameworks that are reusable.Bonus: Doing things the right way makes you happy on the inside Youve contributed to open-source projects or given talks at conferences Experience partnering with UX design to build the best native mobile app customer experienceCompensation & Benefits:The salary range for this position is $107,000-$215,000. The specific salary offered to a candidate may be influenced by a variety of factors including but not limited to the candidates relevant experience, education, and work location. In addition, this position is eligible for 401k and a new hire and annual equity grant.We offer different types of insurance, such as medical/Rx, vision, dental, life, disability, hospital indemnity, critical illness, and accident. We offer parental leave, family services benefits, backup dependent care, flexible spending accounts, telemedicine, pet adoption reimbursement, employee assistance program, and many discounts including 10% off pet insurance and 20% off at Chewy.com.Non-exempt hourly team members accrue paid time off (PTO) while salaried-exempt team members have unlimited PTO, subject to manager approval. Non-exempt hourly team members in Fulfillment Centers and Customer Service are also eligible for additional unplanned unpaid time off (UTO). Team members will receive six paid holidays per year. Team members may be eligible for paid sick and family leave in compliance with applicable state and local regulations.Chewy is committed to equal opportunity. We value and embrace diversity and inclusion of all Team Members. If you have a disability under the Americans with Disabilities Act or similar law, and you need an accommodation during the application process or to perform these job requirements, or if you need a religious accommodation, please contact CAAR@chewy.com.If you have a question regarding your application, please contact HR@chewy.com.To access Chewy's Customer Privacy Policy, please click here. To access Chewy's California CPRA Job Applicant Privacy Policy, please click here You need to be comfortable contributing to every aspect of shipping a consumer app - whether that's testing, development, or improving build scripts 5+ years of industry experience working on consumer facing Android apps Exceptional leadership and communication skills Proficiency in mobile app architecture, accessibility, internationalization, security, and privacy A strong grasp on the development, testing, and release lifecycles of mobile apps The ability to clearly and effectively communicate ideas in a team environment Intimate familiarity with Android SDK, testing frameworks, and build tooling Experience with Dependency Injection, modern architectural patterns, and Android best practices Passionate about learning and building with the latest and greatest in Android Working knowledge of the mobile landscape, architectural patterns, trends, and emerging technologies Experience developing software in an agile environment with CI/CD Expert understanding how to build UI components and frameworks that are reusable Youve contributed to open-source projects or given talks at conferences Experience partnering with UX design to build the best native mobile app customer experience Contribute to the Chewy.com native Kotlin Android ecommerce app Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, architect, and ship new features Leverage modern architectural patterns, third party libraries, and Kotlin to deliver new features Have input on architectural decisions and improvements to core internal Android libraries Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new mobile technologies Work with outside data sources and APIs (gRPC & REST) Doing things the right way makes you happy on the inside The salary range for this position is $107,000-$215,000 The specific salary offered to a candidate may be influenced by a variety of factors including but not limited to the candidates relevant experience, education, and work location In addition, this position is eligible for 401k and a new hire and annual equity grant We offer different types of insurance, such as medical/Rx, vision, dental, life, disability, hospital indemnity, critical illness, and accident We offer parental leave, family services benefits, backup dependent care, flexible spending accounts, telemedicine, pet adoption reimbursement, employee assistance program, and many discounts including 10% off pet insurance and 20% off at Chewy.com Non-exempt hourly team members accrue paid time off (PTO) while salaried-exempt team members have unlimited PTO, subject to manager approval Non-exempt hourly team members in Fulfillment Centers and Customer Service are also eligible for additional unplanned unpaid time off (UTO) Team members will receive six paid holidays per year Team members may be eligible for paid sick and family leave in compliance with applicable state and local regulations 