GROW WITH US:In Tandem means together, and we strive to embody that in every aspect of our business. Whether your office-based or fully remote, grow with us as we work towards our mission of making the lives of people with diabetes better and better through relentless innovation...DIABETES IS ALL WE DO:At Tandem, Diabetes is all we do. We are the makers of the only color, touch-screen insulin pump that is capable of remote feature updates and compatibility with continuous glucose monitoring. Read more about our company and check out our latest product features and capabilities here: t:slim X2 Insulin Pump with Control-IQ TechnologyIn addition to innovative technology, we have a culture that fosters the idea that the happiest people are the most productive people. We treat our fellow employees like friends and family, and the company like our own home. This universal respect allows us the freedom to be ourselves and to be effective at our jobs, knowing at the end of the day that we can trust everyone to do the right thing, for each other and for the company. You can learn more about our culture and life at tandem here: https://www.tandemdiabetes.com/careers/life-at-tandem and See what our customers are saying here: #tsliminthewildA DAY IN THE LIFE:We are adding more members to our Mobile team that is pioneering Tandems entry into the world of mobile health applications! As an experienced member of the Software Engineering team, you'll be responsible for further designing and developing a first-generation mobile application that will allow our customers to stay informed of their diabetes management from the convince for their phone.Check it out here: https://www.tandemdiabetes.com/products/software-apps/tconnect-mobileIn addition to meaningful, hands-on, technical work, youll also hone your leadership skills. Youll lead projects and train and mentor junior team members all within a fun, casual environment that inspires collaboration and innovation.Mobile health applications are sweeping across the diabetes community and this is your opportunity to join the ground floor of Tandems mobile development strategy.YOURE AWESOME AT: Bachelor's degree in Engineering or Computer Sciences or related field or equivalent combination of education and applicable job experience. Experience in Kotlin required Experience in with a VCS, preferably Git 3 years experience in the field of mobile application for medical devices, web application software or in a related area Proficient with formal software test methodologies Proficient knowledge developing on the iOS and Android mobile platforms Basic knowledge of at least one embedded or cloud-based programming language, preferably C or C# Basic knowledge of JavaScript for using with automated testing. Proficient at using version control applications such as GIT and SVN. Skilled at translating high level requirements into software design and implementation.WHATS IN IT FOR YOU?At Tandem, our employees are just as important as our customers! Not only do we hire the best, we reward, develop, and retain them too. At Tandem we offer competitive compensation packages, superb medical, dental and vision, a discounted stock purchasing plan, fitness discounts, generous PTO, casual work attire and more! For a full list of benefits please review our perks page at https://www.tandemdiabetes.com/careers/benefits.BE YOU, WITH US!Were always looking for awesome, forward-thinking achievers to join our workforce. We are committed to making sure our company fully reflects the diverse consumers who use our product. We are making strides towards this goal and are firmly committed to being an equal opportunity employer and maintaining a diverse and inclusive environment.COMPENSATION & BENEFITS:The starting base pay range for this position is $110,000-$137,500. Base pay will vary based on job-related knowledge, skills, experience and may also fluctuate depending on candidates location and the overall job market. In addition to base pay, Tandem offers a competitive compensation package that includes bonus, equity, and a robust benefits package.Tandem offers health care benefits such as medical, dental, vision, health savings accounts and flexible saving accounts. Youll also receive 10 paid holidays per year, a minimum of 20 days of paid time off (starting in year 1) and have access to a 401k plan with company match. Learn more about Tandems benefits here!REFERRALS:We love a good referral! If you know someone that would be a great fit for this position, please share!If you are applying for this job and live in California, please read Tandems CCPA Notice:https://www.tandemdiabetes.com/careers/california-consumer-privacy-act-notice-for-job-applicants#LI-Remote Bachelor's degree in Engineering or Computer Sciences or related field or equivalent combination of education and applicable job experience Experience in Kotlin required Experience in with a VCS, preferably Git 3 years experience in the field of mobile application for medical devices, web application software or in a related area Proficient with formal software test methodologies Proficient knowledge developing on the iOS and Android mobile platforms Basic knowledge of at least one embedded or cloud-based programming language, preferably C or C# Basic knowledge of JavaScript for using with automated testing Proficient at using version control applications such as GIT and SVN Skilled at translating high level requirements into software design and implementation Youll lead projects and train and mentor junior team members all within a fun, casual environment that inspires collaboration and innovation At Tandem we offer competitive compensation packages, superb medical, dental and vision, a discounted stock purchasing plan, fitness discounts, generous PTO, casual work attire and more! The starting base pay range for this position is $110,000-$137,500 Base pay will vary based on job-related knowledge, skills, experience and may also fluctuate depending on candidates location and the overall job market In addition to base pay, Tandem offers a competitive compensation package that includes bonus, equity, and a robust benefits package Tandem offers health care benefits such as medical, dental, vision, health savings accounts and flexible saving accounts Youll also receive 10 paid holidays per year, a minimum of 20 days of paid time off (starting in year 1) and have access to a 401k plan with company match 