ITAC Solutions is currently assisting a great company in Birmingham, AL in their search for a Mobile Developer with experience in React Native. The ideal candidate will have experience developing and publishing at least one relevant mobile offering on Android or iOS, preferably both. They will also have hands-on experience with React/React Native and how it integrates with native Android or iOS... platforms. C2C is not an option with this job opening and all applicants should be able to work for any US Employer without sponsorship. Sponsorship is not provided, and this person will not need to require sponsorship in the future*Location and Compensation:Birmingham, AL / Full-Time  Direct Hire / On-SiteSalary: DOEWhat youll be doing (duties of this position): Develop and maintain high-quality mobile applications using React Native. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to design, develop, and maintain software products that meet customer needs. Ensure the performance, quality, and responsiveness of mobile applications. Write clean, maintainable, and testable code. Participate in code reviews and maintain code quality standards. Troubleshoot and debug issues as they arise. Contribute to the continuous improvement of our development processes.What youll need to be considered (requirements): At least 3 years of overall software engineering experience. Proficient in React Native. Experience with Object-Oriented Design principles and patterns. Familiarity with commonly used libraries (Retrofit, Butterknife, Espresso, Alamofire, Axios, etc) is a bonus. Experience with bug tracking software such as Jira. Strong interpersonal and communication skills; comfortable interacting with senior executives and team members. Flexible problem-solving ability. Strong product focus; committed to delivering the best product for our customers. Passionate about creating new things, both inside and outside the work environment. Experience building native modules for React Native experiences is a plus#INDIT The ideal candidate will have experience developing and publishing at least one relevant mobile offering on Android or iOS, preferably both They will also have hands-on experience with React/React Native and how it integrates with native Android or iOS platforms At least 3 years of overall software engineering experience Proficient in React Native Experience with Object-Oriented Design principles and patterns Familiarity with commonly used libraries (Retrofit, Butterknife, Espresso, Alamofire, Axios, etc) is a bonus Experience with bug tracking software such as Jira Strong interpersonal and communication skills; comfortable interacting with senior executives and team members Flexible problem-solving ability Strong product focus; committed to delivering the best product for our customers Passionate about creating new things, both inside and outside the work environment Develop and maintain high-quality mobile applications using React Native Collaborate with cross-functional teams to design, develop, and maintain software products that meet customer needs Ensure the performance, quality, and responsiveness of mobile applications Write clean, maintainable, and testable code Participate in code reviews and maintain code quality standards Troubleshoot and debug issues as they arise Contribute to the continuous improvement of our development processes 