1099 or Corp to Corp 6 month contractMust be USC, GC, or Perm Res willing to work onsite in Deerfield (Chicago...We are looking for an Android Developer who possesses a passion for pushing mobile technologies to the limits. This Android app developer will work with our team of talented engineers to design and build the next generation of our mobile applications. Android programming works closely with other app development and technical teams.Responsibilities Design and build advanced applications for the Android platform Work with outside data sources and APIs Work on bug fixing and improving application performance Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability Designing and developing modern, secure, and feature-rich android applications using Kotlin from scratch. Understand requirements and translate designs and wireframes into code. Identify and fix bugs to improve performance. Coordinating with the design and test teams to create apps with high performance. Work with APIs and data sources as per the requirements. Help maintain code quality, reusability, and continuous code evaluation. Discover and implement new technologies to improve the developer experience. Unit-testing of code to ensure bug-free, reliable, and best user experience. Collaborate with the team members to plan, develop, and ship new features. Implement security measures in line with overall security objectives. Plan, develop, build, and release end-to-end Android mobile app using Kotlin Educate staff members through training and individual support. Offer support by responding to system problems in a timely manner. Understand and document data flows in and between different systems/applications Guidance to developers in preparing functional/technical specs to define reporting requirement and ETL process Proven working experience in Android app development and Solid understanding of the full mobile development life cycle Proven working experience in Android app development and Solid understanding of the full mobile development life cycle Design and build advanced applications for the Android platform Work on bug fixing and improving application performance Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability Designing and developing modern, secure, and feature-rich android applications using Kotlin from scratch Understand requirements and translate designs and wireframes into code Coordinating with the design and test teams to create apps with high performance Work with APIs and data sources as per the requirements Help maintain code quality, reusability, and continuous code evaluation Discover and implement new technologies to improve the developer experience Unit-testing of code to ensure bug-free, reliable, and best user experience Collaborate with the team members to plan, develop, and ship new features Implement security measures in line with overall security objectives Plan, develop, build, and release end-to-end Android mobile app using Kotlin Educate staff members through training and individual support Offer support by responding to system problems in a timely manner Understand and document data flows in and between different systems/applications Guidance to developers in preparing functional/technical specs to define reporting requirement and ETL process 