About Matrix Precise:Matrix Precise Inc. is a Technology Development, Consulting and R&D Company. We provide solutions in the areas of facial recognition, smart retail, handwriting recognition and smart robots. Our client services also entail a range of development and support solutions from web and mobile application development, infrastructure and production support and testing services. We... offer very competitive compensation and benefits packages including health insurance and 401K.Position Description:We are looking for an Android Developer who possesses a passion for pushing mobile technologies to the limits. This Android app developer will work with our team of talented engineers to design and build the next generation of our mobile applications.Responsibilities: Design and build advanced applications for the Android platform Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features Work with outside data sources and APIs Translate designs and wireframes into high quality code. Ensure the best possible quality, performance and responsiveness of the application. Identify and correct bottlenecks and Work on bug fixing and improving application performance. Help design, build and maintain high performance reusable and reliable Java and Android. Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency Perform regular code review of peers via Crucible. Lead the offshore development team and actively contribute to sprint grooming with Business Analysts & Product Owner.Requirements: Proven software development experience and Android native development using Java. Experience in creating Libraries and custom SDK. Experience with networking libraries like retrofit, volley. Experience with MVVM,MVP, JetPack architectural design pattern. Experience with LiveData, Observers and DataBinding. Experience with Firebase Cloud Messaging, Firebase Ananlytics, App Dynamics. Experience with Latest Android SDK. Good Understanding of Application Security concepts and experience with Proguard. Familiarity with Agile Management tools like Rallly/Jira. Strong knowledge of Android UI design principles, patterns, and best practices. Strong UI development skills (complex view trees, animations, rendering and strong knowledge of the Android UI kit). Experience with offline storage, threading and performance tuning. Familiarity with cloud message APIs (GCM/FCM) and push notifications. Understands Google's Android design principles and interface guidelines. Working knowledge of the general mobile landscape, architectures, trends, and emerging technologies Familiarity with MVC, MVP and MVVM architecture. Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git. Familiarity with continuous integration i.e. Jenkins Good knowledge of unit testing framework (Robo Electric and Instrumentation) and rash lytic tools.Nice to have: Kotlin experience. Published at least one original Android app. BS/MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related subject Proven software development experience and Android native development using Java Experience in creating Libraries and custom SDK Experience with networking libraries like retrofit, volley Experience with MVVM,MVP, JetPack architectural design pattern Experience with LiveData, Observers and DataBinding Experience with Firebase Cloud Messaging, Firebase Ananlytics, App Dynamics Experience with Latest Android SDK Good Understanding of Application Security concepts and experience with Proguard Familiarity with Agile Management tools like Rallly/Jira Strong knowledge of Android UI design principles, patterns, and best practices Strong UI development skills (complex view trees, animations, rendering and strong knowledge of the Android UI kit) Experience with offline storage, threading and performance tuning Familiarity with cloud message APIs (GCM/FCM) and push notifications Understands Google's Android design principles and interface guidelines Working knowledge of the general mobile landscape, architectures, trends, and emerging technologies Familiarity with MVC, MVP and MVVM architecture Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git Familiarity with continuous integration i.e Good knowledge of unit testing framework (Robo Electric and Instrumentation) and rash lytic tools Kotlin experience Published at least one original Android app BS/MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related subject Design and build advanced applications for the Android platform Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features Work with outside data sources and APIs Translate designs and wireframes into high quality code Ensure the best possible quality, performance and responsiveness of the application Identify and correct bottlenecks and Work on bug fixing and improving application performance Help design, build and maintain high performance reusable and reliable Java and Android Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency Perform regular code review of peers via Crucible Lead the offshore development team and actively contribute to sprint grooming with Business Analysts & Product Owner We offer very competitive compensation and benefits packages including health insurance and 401K 