Job Title: Android DeveloperPosition Level: Senior...Product Team/Group: Information TechnologyWork Location: Irving TexasCan position remain remote after Covid Restrictions are lifted? NoExtension of Assignment Possible: YesSpecial Work Hours Required : NoTravel Requirements: NoProject Description/ Job SummaryLooking for a Sr. Android Developer to join the Digital Technology Team. You're joining a multidisciplinary team of product managers, marketers, designers and engineers who create digital products that hundreds of thousands of people experience every day. The Digital Technology Team is responsible for Digital Products related to the 7Rewards Loyalty Program.Job Type: ContractWork Hours: 9 to 5Key Responsibilities and Duties Collaborate with UX Designers, Business Analysts and Product Managers Participate in daily scrums, product demos and sprint retrospectives Design, build and test Android appsEducation and ExperienceEDUCATION: Bachelors/4 Yr DegreeYEARS OF RELEVANT WORK EXPERIENCE: 3+ Years"Must Have" Specific Knowledge and Skills 3+ Years of experience working in Android development. Proficient with Android SDK. Experience with Java and Kotlin for Android development. Experience with offline storage, threading and performance tuning. Good understanding of Google's Android design principles and interface guidelines. Experience with RESTful API integration. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Excellent interpersonal skills including organizational, team building, and issue resolution Quality Assurance in an Agile environment for large-scale projects Strong presentation and facilitation skills, coaching and mentorship experience on several engagements / workshopsAdditional Skills and Other Requirements Large organization experience - Large Scale projects Experience with Agile tools that support tracking iterative development. Competency in Microsoft Office suite and Agile/Scrum toolsetsNO C2C OR THIRD PARTYSpherion has helped thousands of people just like you find work happiness! Our experienced staff will listen carefully to your employment needs and then work diligently to match your skills and qualifications to the right job and company. No one works harder for you than Spherion.Equal Opportunity Employer: Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, National Origin, Age, Genetic Information, Disability, Protected Veteran Status, or any other legally protected group status.At Spherion, we welcome people of all abilities and want to ensure that our hiring and interview process meets the needs of all applicants. If you require a reasonable accommodation to make your application or interview experience a great one, please contact Callcenter@spherion.com.Pay offered to a successful candidate will be based on several factors including the candidate's education, work experience, work location, specific job duties, certifications, etc. In addition, Spherion offers a comprehensive benefits package, including health, and an incentive and recognition program (all benefits are based on eligibility).For certain assignments, Covid-19 vaccination and/or testing may be required by Spherion's client or applicable federal mandate, subject to approved medical or religious accommodations. Carefully review the job posting for details on vaccine/testing requirements or ask your Spherion representative for more information EDUCATION: Bachelors/4 Yr Degree YEARS OF RELEVANT WORK EXPERIENCE: 3+ Years "Must Have" Specific Knowledge and Skills 3+ Years of experience working in Android development Proficient with Android SDK Experience with Java and Kotlin for Android development Experience with offline storage, threading and performance tuning Good understanding of Google's Android design principles and interface guidelines Experience with RESTful API integration Strong verbal and written communication skills Excellent interpersonal skills including organizational, team building, and issue resolution Quality Assurance in an Agile environment for large-scale projects Strong presentation and facilitation skills, coaching and mentorship experience on several engagements / workshops Large organization experience - Large Scale projects Experience with Agile tools that support tracking iterative development Competency in Microsoft Office suite and Agile/Scrum toolsets NO C2C OR THIRD PARTY Work Hours: 9 to 5 Collaborate with UX Designers, Business Analysts and Product Managers Participate in daily scrums, product demos and sprint retrospectives Design, build and test Android apps In addition, Spherion offers a comprehensive benefits package, including health, and an incentive and recognition program (all benefits are based on eligibility) 