CoinFlip is a leading fintech company powered by cryptocurrency. Believing everyone deserves to participate in the new digital economy, the company operates one of the worlds largest networks of cryptocurrency ATMs  with over 4,000 active kiosks  as well as an over-the-counter trading desk. In 2022, CoinFlip became an international company by expanding into Canada, and launched CoinFlip... Ventures, a new initiative designed to support start-up companies.CoinFlip placed No. 60 on the 2021 Inc. 5000 list of the nations fastest-growing private companies. CoinFlip was also named the 2021 and 2022 #1 fastest-growing company in Chicago by Crains Business.As our growth trajectory continues, were looking to quickly expand all of our teams. Its an exciting time to join CoinFlip as were pursuing additional business lines and continued international expansion to further cement us as a leading financial technology company.Were seeking a Senior Android Developer responsible for applying your depth of knowledge and expertise to all aspects of the software development lifecycle, as well as partner continuously with your colleagues on a daily basis to stay focused on next generation user experiences in mobile. You'll work in a collaborative, trusting, thought-provoking environment building world-class experiences for our global customers. As a member of our Mobile Software Engineers, we look first and foremost for people with a deep passion for code simplicity. Engineers with an attraction to building and solving problems in the financial industry through a strong balance of innovation and best practices.Responsibilities: Build in an agile team setting. Code and test new mobile features in Android Studio or IntelliJ Idea with Kotlin 1.5. Implement new mobile technologies and protocols. Remain up to date with the terminology, concepts and best practices for coding Google Android apps. Work closely with your iOS colleagues to constantly innovate user experiencesQualifications: BS in Computer Science or Software Engineering. MS is a plus. 4+ years professional experience with Kotlin. Web applications and Java experience. Some swift familiarity a plus. Proven ability to write programmatic UI. Technical writing skill in generating documentation based on deeper understandings of core technology stacks. Experience creating and testing databases; Firebase, MySQL and/or SQLite. Experience with RESTful APIs.Nice to Have: Basic knowledge of cryptocurrency and blockchains General passion and knowledge of fintech and cryptoWorking at CoinFlip means collaborating with experienced and innovative leaders who share a clear vision and a track record of success. We offer a collaborative and positive working environment where we encourage employees to balance productivity with time to recharge. Compensation is above and beyond a typical startup  we offer competitive salaries, performance-based incentives, and competitive benefits for full-time employees.CoinFlip values diversity in the workplace and is an equal opportunity employer committed to providing an inclusive and accessible work environment. We thank all candidates who apply, but only those selected for an interview will be contacted.By applying to this role, you give express consent to CoinFlip to send you informational text (SMS) messages regarding this role and the application process. You can cancel the SMS service at any time by replying "STOP" to the text message you received. If at any time you forget what keywords are supported, just reply "HELP." Message and data rates apply. If you require a special accommodation, please let us know and well work with you to meet your needs BS in Computer Science or Software Engineering 4+ years professional experience with Kotlin Web applications and Java experience Proven ability to write programmatic UI Technical writing skill in generating documentation based on deeper understandings of core technology stacks Experience creating and testing databases; Firebase, MySQL and/or SQLite Experience with RESTful APIs Basic knowledge of cryptocurrency and blockchains General passion and knowledge of fintech and crypto Working at CoinFlip means collaborating with experienced and innovative leaders who share a clear vision and a track record of success Build in an agile team setting Code and test new mobile features in Android Studio or IntelliJ Idea with Kotlin 1.5 Implement new mobile technologies and protocols Remain up to date with the terminology, concepts and best practices for coding Google Android apps Work closely with your iOS colleagues to constantly innovate user experiences Compensation is above and beyond a typical startup  we offer competitive salaries, performance-based incentives, and competitive benefits for full-time employees 