OpenClassrooms mentors are freelance senior professionals. They help students succeed in their training programs, through weekly video calls of maximum one hour each. Its a 100% remote mission. You can coach up to 2 students from the beginning.You should be legally authorized to work in the US without sponsorship (student visa not compatible...The mentor's responsibilitiesTo be a role model and share your industry know-how with students on a weekly basis, coaching them through their training programs. All of the educational content is created and made available through the OpenClassrooms platform.As a mentor your main tasks during weekly meetings will be to: Guide and advise your students in the completion of the projects within their training program. Inspire your students with your advice and experience in your field. Monitor your students progress throughout the mentoring sessions. Report problems and difficulties related to your students.Experience and Skills Required:On the Back-end developer: Java path, our students learn to develop in Java. To do this, they have to carry out professional projects, such as designing the technical architecture of an application using UML diagrams or creating dynamic web applications using Java, on which they are accompanied by you. You have a bachelor degree and at least 2 years of professional experience You have a company structure or a freelance status (registered in your country of residence) to be able to invoice your services on a monthly basis, or you are ready to create one. You are familiar with Java and Spring framework You know how to adapt your communication style to the profiles and needs of your interlocutors You know how to simplify complex concepts, set objectives and give constructive feedback You are rigorous and involved in your missionsApply in 4 Easy Steps Complete the mentor application form with an updated resume. If your profile is selected, you will be invited to make a short video. This is an opportunity for us to learn more about your skills. Your profile is selected! Send us the necessary documents to set up the contract: we take care of everything. We send you your contract in a digital format, all you have to do is sign it, 100% online.Know more about OpenClassroomsOpenClassrooms is a mission-driven company that makes education accessible to everyone, everywhere. We are the leading online education platform in Europe and Africa, offering fully-accredited online diplomas based on the skills of the future. Each month, at least 300 000 free students from around the world connect to our platform, and we currently count more than 10 000 degree students.We are very proud to be part of the B Corp community (more than 3,500 companies that combine profit and general interest), and to have the Great Place to Work label. OpenClassrooms is also part of the Next40 group for the second consecutive year.We have recently announced a new fundraising of 80 million dollars. This will help us invest in our product, continue our growth and make education even more accessible across the world!Why become a Mentor? 100% remote Flexibility, as a Freelancer - Make your own schedule Develop pedagogical skills Increase your income 20% discount on OpenClassrooms training programs Join a networking community of 3000 professionals Recruit future colleagues!Are you ready to help students succeed? Submit your application today You should be legally authorized to work in the US without sponsorship (student visa not compatible) On the Back-end developer: Java path, our students learn to develop in Java To do this, they have to carry out professional projects, such as designing the technical architecture of an application using UML diagrams or creating dynamic web applications using Java, on which they are accompanied by you You have a bachelor degree and at least 2 years of professional experience You have a company structure or a freelance status (registered in your country of residence) to be able to invoice your services on a monthly basis, or you are ready to create one You are familiar with Java and Spring framework To be a role model and share your industry know-how with students on a weekly basis, coaching them through their training programs All of the educational content is created and made available through the OpenClassrooms platform Guide and advise your students in the completion of the projects within their training program Inspire your students with your advice and experience in your field Monitor your students progress throughout the mentoring sessions Report problems and difficulties related to your students You know how to simplify complex concepts, set objectives and give constructive feedback You are rigorous and involved in your missions They help students succeed in their training programs, through weekly video calls of maximum one hour each 100% remote Flexibility, as a Freelancer - Make your own schedule Develop pedagogical skills Increase your income 20% discount on OpenClassrooms training programs 