At INGENIOUS.BUILD, weve cracked the code and built a world-class platform for companies of all sizes within the real estate and construction industries across the globe, enabling them to simply and effortlessly manage all aspects of their projects--from inception to completion, and both internally and in conjunction with the other project participants.Project managers drool. Data geeks... giggle. Execs actually sleep well. And the rest simply stare slack-jawed at their screens unable to comprehend how in the world we pulled this off...Think about what you could do here At INGENIOUS.BUILD, youll be participating in one of the most exciting and unparalleled journeys of your career--a journey to pioneer the first cloud application to manage the entire lifecycle of a real estate construction project. In short, youll be building what some have claimed is the holy grail of construction project management.Its big. Bold. Audacious, even. But that's how we roll...And if youve got what it takes, youll be directly involved in its development. The rest, as they say, will be history...So... think you've got the right stuff?We are looking for a talented Back End Developer to join our remote team. If you have top-notch programming skills and a deep-rooted passion for developing applications or improving existing ones--plus you like to solve problems--we would like to meet you. As a Back End Developer you will work closely within a small team in SCRUM (but in conjunction with other dev teams) to ensure system consistency and to improve the user experience.What is vital, however, is that you have, and demonstrate, a burning desire to constantly learn new things and to be proactive in your development efforts.Responsibilities Collaborate with your team to plan, build, and deliver world-class software. Refactor, optimize, and improve the existing codebase. Use your voice to help shape your own personal growth, your team, the department, and the company.Required Qualifications PHP / Laravel. REST. Relational databases. Git. Teamwork skills with a problem-solving attitude. Communicative English (reading / writing). Minimum level B2. Analytical skills.Preferred Qualifications Experience with building large scale SaaS apps like CRM, CMS, and ERP. Experience with latest technologies (PHP 8.1+, Laravel 9+). MongoDB. SCRUM. Jira.Benefits Competitive pay. Stock options. Long-term career growth and skill development. Hardware (laptop).We're fired up to learn more about you to see how you can help us on our mission! We genuinely look forward to receiving your application to gain further detail on who you are and how you tick... and hopefully start the process of bringing you into the Ingenious family  We are looking for a talented Back End Developer to join our remote team If you have top-notch programming skills and a deep-rooted passion for developing applications or improving existing ones--plus you like to solve problems--we would like to meet you What is vital, however, is that you have, and demonstrate, a burning desire to constantly learn new things and to be proactive in your development efforts PHP / Laravel REST Relational databases Git Teamwork skills with a problem-solving attitude Communicative English (reading / writing) Minimum level B2 Analytical skills At INGENIOUS.BUILD, youll be participating in one of the most exciting and unparalleled journeys of your career--a journey to pioneer the first cloud application to manage the entire lifecycle of a real estate construction project As a Back End Developer you will work closely within a small team in SCRUM (but in conjunction with other dev teams) to ensure system consistency and to improve the user experience Collaborate with your team to plan, build, and deliver world-class software Refactor, optimize, and improve the existing codebase Use your voice to help shape your own personal growth, your team, the department, and the company Competitive pay Stock options Long-term career growth and skill development Hardware (laptop) 