Company DescriptionEVERSANA INTOUCH is a leading full-service, global healthcare agency serving the life sciences and pharmaceutical industries. We provide next-generation creative and media services, enterprise solutions and data analytics services for clients...We combine the power of world-class creative and digital teams with deep market access, payer, and healthcare communications expertise to provide innovative solutions to life science companies that want to connect with consumers, healthcare professionals, and payers.We get fired up when people talk about gettingand stayinghealthy. Thats where we find our inspiration: in the very human experiences of patients, doctors, and even each other. Then, we collaborate on ways to make caring for ones health more achievable, connecting patients and physicians with the information and tools they need.And as a part of EVERSANA, a pioneer in next-generation commercial services, we connect dots that other agencies cant, helping drive commercialization success.Our eight affiliates within the EVERSANA INTOUCH Network include EVERSANA INTOUCH Solutions, EVERSANA INTOUCH Proto, EVERSANA INTOUCH Seven, EVERSANA INTOUCH Oxygen, EVERSANA INTOUCH Engage, EVERSANA INTOUCH B2D, EVERSANA INTOUCH Media, and EVERSANA INTOUCH International.Across our growing organization, we embrace diversity in backgrounds and experiences. Improving patient lives around the world is a priority, and we need people from all backgrounds and swaths of life to help build the future of the healthcare and the life sciences industry. We believe our people make all the difference in cultivating an inclusive culture that embraces our cultural beliefs. We are deliberate and self-reflective about the kind of team and culture we are building. We look for team members that are not only strong in their own aptitudes but also who care deeply about EVERSANA, our people, clients and most importantly, the patients we serve. We are EVERSANA.Job DescriptionThe Senior Backend Developer will work with and manage the development resources for applications in the .NET framework. This role will interact with Account staff to manage expectations for work and resource availability, as well as provide subject matter expertise for technical assistance. They will offer technical assistance with the IT and Brand Management teams and identify new solutions for projects that align with the goals and objectives for new tools and technologies.The developer will oversee changes to existing web applications, as well as the development and implementation of new applications. This includes managing resources and project timelines and communicating with other teams. In collaboration with Technical Architecture team, this person will identify solutions to fix issues or errors with the applications, and they will also be responsible for the design of new solutions. The developer will oversee the teams unit and stress testing of applications, as well as collaboration with the QA team. The Senior .Net Developer will be responsible for maintaining project documentation and overseeing project file management.QualificationsThe Senior Back End Developer Role Requires: Bachelors degree in Computer Science, related field or equivalent education plus professional experience required Three or more years of C# software development experience, including ASP.NET MVC Four or more years of software development experience with an object-oriented language Integrating with third-party systems (i.e. Salesforce) using REST and Web Services Proficiency in C#, ASP.NET MVC, LINQ, Web Service development and Transact-SQL development forSQL Server Proficiency in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery and developing cross-browser compatible websites Proficiency in object-oriented design and programming Applied knowledge of Unit testing (NUnit) Demonstrated understanding of code optimization, software design principles and system development lifecycle Good understanding of source versioning systems (TFS, GIT)Additional InformationOUR CULTURAL BELIEFS Patient Minded I act with the patients best interest in mind. Client Delight I own every client experience and its impact on results. Take Action I am empowered and hold myself accountable. Embrace Diversity I create an environment of awareness and respect. Grow Talent I own my development and invest in the development of others. Win Together I passionately connect with anyone, anywhere, anytime to achieve results. Communication Matters I speak up to create transparent, thoughtful, and timely dialogue. Always Innovate I am bold and creative in everything I doFrom EVERSANAs inception, Diversity, Equity & Inclusion have always been key to our success. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer, and our employees are people with different strengths, experiences, and backgrounds who share a passion for improving the lives of patients and leading innovation within the healthcare industry. Diversity not only includes race and gender identity, but also age, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, religion, and many other parts of ones identity. All of our employees points of view are key to our success, and inclusion is everyone's responsibility.Follow us on LinkedIn | Twitter Bachelors degree in Computer Science, related field or equivalent education plus professional experience required Three or more years of C# software development experience, including ASP Four or more years of software development experience with an object-oriented language Integrating with third-party systems (i.e Proficiency in C#, ASP NET MVC, LINQ, Web Service development and Transact-SQL development for SQL Server Proficiency in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery and developing cross-browser compatible websites Proficiency in object-oriented design and programming Applied knowledge of Unit testing (NUnit) Demonstrated understanding of code optimization, software design principles and system development lifecycle Good understanding of source versioning systems (TFS, GIT) Patient Minded I act with the patients best interest in mind The Senior Backend Developer will work with and manage the development resources for applications in the .NET framework This role will interact with Account staff to manage expectations for work and resource availability, as well as provide subject matter expertise for technical assistance They will offer technical assistance with the IT and Brand Management teams and identify new solutions for projects that align with the goals and objectives for new tools and technologies The developer will oversee changes to existing web applications, as well as the development and implementation of new applications This includes managing resources and project timelines and communicating with other teams In collaboration with Technical Architecture team, this person will identify solutions to fix issues or errors with the applications, and they will also be responsible for the design of new solutions The developer will oversee the teams unit and stress testing of applications, as well as collaboration with the QA team The Senior .Net Developer will be responsible for maintaining project documentation and overseeing project file management 