ABOUT THE ROLEFAR Consulting is hiring a Backend Software Engineers for one of our top clients in the Atlanta market; This is a new role joining a small start-up team within the our client as we enter a period of growth and look to increase our production output. The role is designed for a full-time technology professional who is seeking flexibility in hours and location. We expect this role to... be 40 hour per week, but it can be modified if the capabilities, interests, and candidate match.We are seeking an experienced Software Engineer to supplement development abilities for a new cloud-based software platform that we are building. This role will require processing large amounts of complex data which perpetually flows into our system. Candidates should have experience and knowledge on best practices for efficient programming.Candidates should be familiar with modern cloud architecture and the Go programing language. The ideal candidate will be comfortable dealing with SQL and NoSQL databases, writing scripts in Python as well as Go to facilitate data to relevant services.ABOUT OUR TEAMThe team is a discovery and incubation engine for new businesses for our client.Our team is working to innovate in supply chain environments by using cutting edge IoT sensors to track assets in motion. Our goal is to build elegant and thoughtful tools that change the way people understand and interact with their physical business assets. While our sensors are lighting up assets in motion, we know that the key piece to software is how it can improve the lives of the people who use it. We are committed to building a software experience that helps connect people to each other and to the assets they care about.QUALIFICATIONSWe are looking for passionate professionals to be part of our growing team. Competencies in backend software engineering, the Go programming language, and cloud-native applications a must. Knowledge of Google Cloud Platform, gRPC, and API design a big plus.Requirements: 2+ years' experience in cloud-native microservice application development Understanding of modern web development practices, including security and databases Experience working with containerization software such as Docker Professional development skills in the Go programming language Experience with unit testing Familiarity with both SQL and NoSQL databasesPreferred: 5+ years of experience in startups or corporate environments Professional experience with any/all the following languages and technologies:o gRPCo Pythono Google Cloud Platformo Pub/sub messaging busseso API designo Efficient Algorithms for processing data 4-year degree in relevant discipline Interest or background in logistics, supply chain, data analytics, or IoTLOCATION & HOURSLocation is flexible to work anywhere in the US. Work environment is remote. Office space may be available if you are in a city where client has an office.The core team is in Atlanta, Georgia. Most meetings will be during Eastern Time working hours but working hours can be flexible if preferred.FAR Consulting focuses on Telecommunications. Their company has offices in Tysons. They have a mid-size team that's between 51-200 employees.You can view their website at https://www.farconsultants.net Candidates should have experience and knowledge on best practices for efficient programming Candidates should be familiar with modern cloud architecture and the Go programing language The ideal candidate will be comfortable dealing with SQL and NoSQL databases, writing scripts in Python as well as Go to facilitate data to relevant services We are looking for passionate professionals to be part of our growing team Competencies in backend software engineering, the Go programming language, and cloud-native applications a must Knowledge of Google Cloud Platform, gRPC, and API design a big plus 2+ years' experience in cloud-native microservice application development Understanding of modern web development practices, including security and databases Experience working with containerization software such as Docker Professional development skills in the Go programming language Experience with unit testing Familiarity with both SQL and NoSQL databases This role will require processing large amounts of complex data which perpetually flows into our system 