Senior Backend Engineer (Remote - US)About Us...Barometer is an AI powered platform for contextual targeting and brand suitability in audio advertising. We help advertisers align with the perfect podcasts for their ad campaigns and we make it easier for publishers to educate buyers on their content. We are an early-stage, venture backed startup going through rapid growth in customer traction. http://www.thebarometer.coWe are seeking a Senior Backend Engineer to join our team and help us scale our development to meet the demand of our customers.About the Role:As our Senior Backend Engineer, you will be working to build out important parts of our foundational infrastructure as we scale. Youll be contributing to the core platform for Barometers dashboard product as well as our API service. Working in collaboration with the rest of our small engineering team, youll be responsible for the implementation and management of the data platform backend, web-app backend, and data pipelines.Responsibilities: Lead the development of backend systems for our product dashboard and API service. Design, develop and maintain fast and responsive APIs built on AWS cloud. Manage AWS cloud web-app and database with tiered feature pricing and organizational account structure. Develop and manage secure data pipelines for our services and customers. Develop and maintain CI/CD pipelines for automated testing, building, and deployment of services. Design and implement data models and database schemas using SQL and NoSQL databases. Participate in code reviews and contribute to team-wide engineering initiatives. Keep up-to-date with new technologies and techniques in backend development, AWS services, and software engineering best practice.Qualifications: 5+ years of experience in backend development, ideally supporting both product and infrastructure teams in a serverless environment. Strong working knowledge of modern Javascript frameworks, including Typescript, Node.js & React. Experience building and working with RESTful APIs, including familiarity with Swagger, Postman and Stripe API. Strong knowledge of AWS services and tools, such as EC2, S3, Lambda, API Gateway, CloudFormation, and CloudWatch. Working knowledge of databases, including MYSQL and NOSQL. Familiarity with DevOps practices, including continuous integration and continuous deployment (CI/CD). Understanding of Git and experience with version control systems. Excellent communication skills and ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced, agile environment. BS/MS degree in Computer Science or a related field is preferred, however suitable and equivalent work experience in backend development will also be considered.Our Current Tech Stack: Backend: Node.js, TypeScript, EC2, ECR, SageMaker, Tsoa, Swagger Database: MySQL, DynamoDB, S3 Frontend: React, TypeScript, MaterialUIOur tech stack will evolve and change over time as we build more things - we're looking for folks with experience in equivalent technologies.Compensation: $130,000 - $150,000/DOEBenefits & Perks:Barometer provides a number of benefits to help you bring your best self to work: Competitive Compensation Generous early stage equity packages Health, Dental, Vision and Life Insurance options Flexible and fully remote work schedule Unlimited PTO Technology and Home Office Allowance Optional office space available in Chattanooga, TN and NYC Sponsored Company RetreatsBarometer is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other protected status under applicable law. We are committed to promoting diversity, equity, and inclusion within our organization and in the communities we serve.At Barometer, we are solving some of the hardest problems imaginable and do not take our jobs lightly. As our AI detects everything from hate speech to mensions of adult content, terrorism, and obscenity, please make sure you are aware that we work with potentially emotionally distressing textual data before applying.Please Note: US work authorization is required for this position. We are unable to provide visa sponsorship for this role.Barometer in the News:12/13/22 - Marketing Brew12/13/22- Press Release 5+ years of experience in backend development, ideally supporting both product and infrastructure teams in a serverless environment Strong working knowledge of modern Javascript frameworks, including Typescript, Node.js & React Experience building and working with RESTful APIs, including familiarity with Swagger, Postman and Stripe API Strong knowledge of AWS services and tools, such as EC2, S3, Lambda, API Gateway, CloudFormation, and CloudWatch Working knowledge of databases, including MYSQL and NOSQL Familiarity with DevOps practices, including continuous integration and continuous deployment (CI/CD) Understanding of Git and experience with version control systems Excellent communication skills and ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced, agile environment As our Senior Backend Engineer, you will be working to build out important parts of our foundational infrastructure as we scale Youll be contributing to the core platform for Barometers dashboard product as well as our API service Working in collaboration with the rest of our small engineering team, youll be responsible for the implementation and management of the data platform backend, web-app backend, and data pipelines Lead the development of backend systems for our product dashboard and API service Design, develop and maintain fast and responsive APIs built on AWS cloud Manage AWS cloud web-app and database with tiered feature pricing and organizational account structure Develop and manage secure data pipelines for our services and customers Develop and maintain CI/CD pipelines for automated testing, building, and deployment of services Design and implement data models and database schemas using SQL and NoSQL databases Participate in code reviews and contribute to team-wide engineering initiatives Keep up-to-date with new technologies and techniques in backend development, AWS services, and software engineering best practice Compensation: $130,000 - $150,000/DOE Barometer provides a number of benefits to help you bring your best self to work: Competitive Compensation Generous early stage equity packages Health, Dental, Vision and Life Insurance options Flexible and fully remote work schedule Unlimited PTO Technology and Home Office Allowance Sponsored Company Retreats 