Back End Software Developer  Senior & Principal levels (Hybrid) Were building a number of Software Development teams to work cross-functionally on the latest cloud infrastructure and platforms to build services providing security for collaboration suites in Bangalore, India. Were expanding our global footprint and Bangalore offers a clear opportunity to invest in specialist, diverse and... innovative talent in engineering and product management to help us accelerate our growth and achieve our mission. Why join us? Youll be getting in at the early stages, playing a key role in shaping the future of Mimecast in India  with the energy and excitement of a start-up environment - but the security and maturity of an established larger organisation with an ambitious vision and mission and investing in people, tech and products.  Were hiring Senior and Principal level Developers. We want to hear from you if you have a desire to learn and experiment leveraging your prior knowledge and experience. Were looking for people who are willing to take risks, do things differently and, most importantly, do things better.  Click here to listen to our CTPO and Developers talk about why now is an exciting time to join Mimecast. Apply today and connect with one of our dedicated technical Talent Acquisition Partners. Our Back End teams design, implement and operate the next generation of Mimecast products whilst contributing to the underlying Mimecast (X1) Platform. You will work with Architects, Developers, Quality Engineers, and Product Managers to solve interesting problems at scale.You will be deeply engaged and hands-on in the full development lifecycle from designing, developing, testing, deploying, maintaining, monitoring, and improving our back-end platforms and environment. Ideally you should have some of the following: Experience developing Java, Python or PHP applications (Go is a plus) in a cloud-service or micro-service approach. Strong object-oriented programming skills following SOLID principles. Experience building REST/HTTP microservices in Spring/Spring Boot. Experience using and modifying Gradle based CI/CD pipelines, Terraform. Experience with several PHP frameworks, including Symfony and Laravel Experience with containerization (Docker/Kubernetes). Experience in AWS, particularly DynamoDB, S3/CloudFront, ElastiCache/Redis, OpenSearch, ECS, EC2, load balancing and ASGs, CloudWatch. Experience with Kafka. Knowledge of Domain Driven Design preferred. Experience with Elasticsearch and MySQL/MariaDB. Experience building high volume, scalable, distributed backend services. Willingness to learn and be part of a polyglot squad. Experience designing new features based on high-level architectures (Principal Level). Experience of software security, security reviews and secure coding. Expertise in TDD and delivering quality code and solutions. Experience building and working with container-based applications. Knowledge on how highly available distributed systems works. Familiarity with SMTP and projects like RSPAMD/Post-fix is a plus. Typical responsibilities will include: Senior Level (6-10 years experience) Good understanding of Agile/Scrum methodology. Engage in backlog grooming, planning, design reviews, and code reviews. Deliver Cloud based services through CI/CD. Contribute to reviews of new features or enhancements. Engage with the team through collaboration, problem solving, and teamwork. Continually improve team efficiency, personal skills, and team skills. Learn new technology trends and industry innovations. Take initiatives and be resourceful. Troubleshoot complex problems and define solutions for how to fix them. Take ownership and create accountability within the team.  Principal Level (10 years experience) (All of the above plus) Design new features or enhancements based on high-level architectures. Lead backlog grooming, planning, design reviews, and code reviews. Lead security reviews of designs and implementations. Act as a technical lead within the team through collaboration, problem solving and teamwork. Apply technology trends and industry innovations to our products. Coach and mentor team members on areas of experience. Why Mimecast? Were fast thinking. We go big to reach our cyberattack-disrupting goals. And we do what we need to protect the world of business from getting important (and potentially compromising) data stolen. We never leave anyone behind. We deliver quickly  and outstandingly. Were big on honesty because it makes us better. Were empowered by our mission. And if cybercriminals have a good day, we work twice as hard to make the rest of their days a nightmare. Thats The Mimecast Way. And the Mimecast way is also a hybrid-working way. We empower our people to balance their time between home and the office in a way that works best for them, their team, and our stakeholders. Become a Mimecaster and put corporate data under your protection. Fill our teams with respect. And bring cybercrime-obstructing energy to your work. Be passionate. Be powerful. Be alive with purpose. DEI Statement Cybersecurity is a community effort. Thats why were committed to building an inclusive, diverse community that celebrates and welcomes everyone  unless theyre a cybercriminal, of course. Were proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer, and wed encourage you to join us whatever your background. We particularly welcome applicants from traditionally underrepresented groups. We consider everyone equally: your race, age, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, ability, marital status, nationality, or any other protected characteristic wont affect your application. Due to certain obligations to our customers, an offer of employment will be subject to your successful completion of applicable background checks, conducted in accordance with local law. We save companies the embarrassment of awkward data slip ups by disrupting cybercriminal activity. We think fast, go big and always demand more. We work hard, deliver  and repeat. We grow with meaningful determination. And put success well within our reach. We empower each other, live by our values, and always deliver on our purpose. We push each other to be better and expect to be pushed back. This is a community of respect. Where everyone is counted. This is The Mimecast Way. We are Mimecasters. And we are alive with purpose Strong object-oriented programming skills following SOLID principles Experience building REST/HTTP microservices in Spring/Spring Boot Experience using and modifying Gradle based CI/CD pipelines, Terraform Experience with several PHP frameworks, including Symfony and Laravel Experience with containerization (Docker/Kubernetes) Experience in AWS, particularly DynamoDB, S3/CloudFront, ElastiCache/Redis, OpenSearch, ECS, EC2, load balancing and ASGs, CloudWatch Experience with Elasticsearch and MySQL/MariaDB Experience building high volume, scalable, distributed backend services Willingness to learn and be part of a polyglot squad Experience designing new features based on high-level architectures (Principal Level) Experience of software security, security reviews and secure coding Expertise in TDD and delivering quality code and solutions Experience building and working with container-based applications You will work with Architects, Developers, Quality Engineers, and Product Managers to solve interesting problems at scale. You will be deeply engaged and hands-on in the full development lifecycle from designing, developing, testing, deploying, maintaining, monitoring, and improving our back-end platforms and environment. Ideally you should have some of the following: Experience developing Java, Python or PHP applications (Go is a plus) in a cloud-service or micro-service approach Deliver Cloud based services through CI/CD Contribute to reviews of new features or enhancements Engage with the team through collaboration, problem solving, and teamwork. Continually improve team efficiency, personal skills, and team skills. Learn new technology trends and industry innovations. Take initiatives and be resourceful Troubleshoot complex problems and define solutions for how to fix them. Take ownership and create accountability within the team Lead backlog grooming, planning, design reviews, and code reviews. Lead security reviews of designs and implementations 