This role is Part-Time & Remote, leading to Full-Time, and includes equity based compensation.TL;DR we build a Node.js app over the existing PHP app, so these two are a must.More info about our stack: PHP, Zend Framework, Composer, MySQL, ReactPHP, WAMP, Docker, Jenkins, AWSThe new service you will be working on is built on: Node.js, Nest.js, TypeScriptDo you dread Sunday nights or does a smile come to your face when you think of the coming week? We smile. Do you remember when you were a kid and knew youd change the world? We remember. Do you feel power surge in your veins knowing that all you need is inside you? We feel. When you create something great, do you want to scream at the top of your lungs so the entire world can hear? We scream.As you sit here looking at jobs, scrolling and looking for a beacon of possibility...a sign that there is something more out there,...something different,...something better...something that speaks to you... youve come to the... proverbial fork in the road. You can play it safe, find a boring company where you will most likely be a cog, collect your paycheck, pay your bills, and move forward with your life. But, if theres a voice inside saying theres a better way....if it screams out and wont be silenced, ... join us. Were the ones where work and risk arent four letter words but the highest expression of what your mind and heart are capable of achieving. Were the ones that put everything on the line because we believe in our ideas, ourselves, and our ability to make the impossible possible. Because you see...we're changing the world...in a big way. We're building the Greatest Startup Engine. Ever.If youre the best damn developer out there, a master, a pro, we want you to be part of our team and help us build things that change the world. .You deserve to smile, feel your power, and scream at the top of your lungs.Join us. Were GUSHER.Our team is remote, tight, and we love making it happen every day.Are you up for it? Then apply now and give us a reason to meet. Use the link in the ad...don't just reach out to Chris Joyce thinking the direct method is best. It can be. But it is DIFFICULT to interact with applicants unless you apply on our platform. And we mean it when we say give us a reason to meet. Do your homework on us. ONLY apply if what we are doing makes you say "I must be a part of that". We believe that talent is spread evenly and opportunity is not. We're fixing THAT This role is Part-Time & Remote, leading to Full-Time, and includes equity based compensation.TL;DR we build a Node.js app over the existing PHP app, so these two are a must.More info about our stack: PHP, Zend Framework, Composer, MySQL, ReactPHP, WAMP, Docker, Jenkins, AWSThe new service you will be working on is built on: Node.js, Nest.js, TypeScriptDo you dread Sunday nights or does a smile come to your face when you think of the coming week? We smile. Do you remember when you were a kid and knew youd change the world? We remember. Do you feel power surge in your veins knowing that all you need is inside you? We feel. When you create something great, do you want to scream at the top of your lungs so the entire world can hear? We scream.As you sit here looking at jobs, scrolling and looking for a beacon of possibility...a sign that there is something more out there,...something different,...something better...something that speaks to you... youve come to the... proverbial fork in the road. You can play it safe, find a boring company where you will most likely be a cog, collect your paycheck, pay your bills, and move forward with your life. But, if theres a voice inside saying theres a better way....if it screams out and wont be silenced, ... join us. Were the ones where work and risk arent four letter words but the highest expression of what your mind and heart are capable of achieving. Were the ones that put everything on the line because we believe in our ideas, ourselves, and our ability to make the impossible possible. Because you see...we're changing the world...in a big way. We're building the Greatest Startup Engine. Ever.If youre the best damn developer out there, a master, a pro, we want you to be part of our team and help us build things that change the world. .You deserve to smile, feel your power, and scream at the top of your lungs.Join us. Were GUSHER.Our team is remote, tight, and we love making it happen every day.Are you up for it? Then apply now and give us a reason to meet. Use the link in the ad...don't just reach out to Chris Joyce thinking the direct method is best. It can be. But it is DIFFICULT to interact with applicants unless you apply on our platform. And we mean it when we say give us a reason to meet. Do your homework on us. ONLY apply if what we are doing makes you say "I must be a part of that". We believe that talent is spread evenly and opportunity is not. We're fixing THAT 