Do you want to work on cutting-edge projects with the worlds best developers? Do you wish you could control which projects to work on and choose your own pay rate? Are you interested in the future of work and how the cloud will form teams? If so - the Gigster Talent Network is for you.At Gigster, whether working with entrepreneurs to realize 'the next great vision' or with Fortune 500... companies to deliver a big product launch, we build really cool solutions that make a difference! From blockchain to AI/ML to VR and more, Gigster builds enterprise software on cutting-edge technology.We are looking for experienced freelance Backend Developers to join the Gigster Talent Network. You will be expected to translate product requirements and technical designs into well-engineered, low-defect, robust code and collaborate with fellow Talent Network team members and engagement managers to design and launch new features.The Senior Backend Developer position is critical in the teams we form for important US clients such as IBM, US Bank, Harley Davidson, Colgate, Dapper, and 500 others. In this role, you will own the backend engineering on different projects we have with our customers. You will create optimal code using the most advanced frameworks and technologies. You will be expected to make the best use of the latest AWS, and GSP services and patterns.If you want to be part of a world-class network with access to cool projects, this is the place for you!Responsabilities Build backend services on .NET Core Utilize AWS Cloud Environment to facilitate databases, hosting, containerization, and any other needed services Write clean, clear, concise code and no more than necessary documentation Collaborate closely with team members and proactively communicate any blockers the project facesRequirements Must be able to interface well with a customer team during GMT 13:00 business hours Must be able to work closely with a Frontend Engineer to implement your BE logic to their framework Must be able to contribute to daily standups and communicate effectively Must be able to pass the customers technical test 5+ years of production experience building and maintaining .NET Core applications Strong knowledge of embedded systems development practices Have basic knowledge of the Ionic Framework Knowledge of AWS services, including CloudFront, S3, DynamoDB, Amazon API GatewayThe Gigster Talent Network is a highly curated set of the best software developers in the world. Its not easy to become part of this select network - but when you do - you will work amongst the best from Silicon Valley and around the world.Our model is unique in the software development industry. We do the hard work of finding the US clients and scoping their projects - and you get to choose from a large variety of Gigs. You can choose Gigs that fit your schedule - from 10, 20, or 40 hours a week. You also get to choose your pay rate. All projects are staffed with a project manager, full stack team, QA, and DevOps.All of our projects are for top-tier US companies and are delivered with the highest quality. Projects range from developing NFT marketplaces to VR imaging for medical use to large AI/ML projects. We even produce a case study for every project delivered - so you can take that with you as part of your portfolio.In parallel - you will have access to an exclusive and energized network of the worlds most skilled experts. Community members collaborate inside and outside of Gigs - as well as at local community events, online hackathons, competitions, etc. The Gigster Talent Network is more than a simple marketplace - its truly an exclusive club.Are you talented enough to be in the club Must be able to interface well with a customer team during GMT 13:00 business hours Must be able to work closely with a Frontend Engineer to implement your BE logic to their framework Must be able to contribute to daily standups and communicate effectively Must be able to pass the customers technical test 5+ years of production experience building and maintaining .NET Core applications Strong knowledge of embedded systems development practices Have basic knowledge of the Ionic Framework Knowledge of AWS services, including CloudFront, S3, DynamoDB, Amazon API Gateway You will be expected to translate product requirements and technical designs into well-engineered, low-defect, robust code and collaborate with fellow Talent Network team members and engagement managers to design and launch new features The Senior Backend Developer position is critical in the teams we form for important US clients such as IBM, US Bank, Harley Davidson, Colgate, Dapper, and 500 others In this role, you will own the backend engineering on different projects we have with our customers You will create optimal code using the most advanced frameworks and technologies You will be expected to make the best use of the latest AWS, and GSP services and patterns Build backend services on .NET Core Utilize AWS Cloud Environment to facilitate databases, hosting, containerization, and any other needed services Write clean, clear, concise code and no more than necessary documentation Collaborate closely with team members and proactively communicate any blockers the project faces You can choose Gigs that fit your schedule - from 10, 20, or 40 hours a week You also get to choose your pay rate 