Responsibilities: Backend development of features and components across their entire life cycle for our NDR product... Ownership of significant areas of the code for both new feature/functionality development as well as to maintain or improve parts of the existing components. Contribute to team-wide efforts such as code reviews and architectural decisions. Continuous focus and contribution in the areas of performance, availability, scalability, reliability, and maintainability of the product. Collaboration with DevOps Engineers to support NDR product using common IT automation tools. Active participation in our ongoing process enhancements and software development practices and building IPS ProductsRequirements: Minimum of 3+ years of experience in architecture, design, and programming skills. High proficiency with Network security and solid understanding of application security, IPS/IDS and L4-L7 protocols. Hands-on experience with open-source network security tools (e.g., Snort, Suricata, Zeek) Experience with a variety of database technologies and FreeBSD. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. A technical mindset with great attention to details.Desired: Experience with cloud platforms (e.g., GCP / AWS / Azure). Experience in security software development and building IPS ProductsBenefit Information: 401K with 4% match after 90 days on the job Telephone and/or internet reimbursement Health Insurance with multiple plans and providers (w/dental & vision) Tuition Reimbursement Life Insurance HSA/FSA available Paid Training Flexible PTO Paid Holidays Minimum of 3+ years of experience in architecture, design, and programming skills High proficiency with Network security and solid understanding of application security, IPS/IDS and L4-L7 protocols Hands-on experience with open-source network security tools (e.g., Snort, Suricata, Zeek) Experience with a variety of database technologies and FreeBSD Excellent communication and interpersonal skills A technical mindset with great attention to details Backend development of features and components across their entire life cycle for our NDR product Ownership of significant areas of the code for both new feature/functionality development as well as to maintain or improve parts of the existing components Contribute to team-wide efforts such as code reviews and architectural decisions Continuous focus and contribution in the areas of performance, availability, scalability, reliability, and maintainability of the product Collaboration with DevOps Engineers to support NDR product using common IT automation tools Active participation in our ongoing process enhancements and software development practices and building IPS Products 401K with 4% match after 90 days on the job Telephone and/or internet reimbursement Health Insurance with multiple plans and providers (w/dental & vision) Tuition Reimbursement Life Insurance HSA/FSA available Paid Training Flexible PTO Paid Holidays 