Who we areBixal is a mission-driven, woman-owned small business determined to improve people's lives through human-centered strategies and transformative technologies, with a firm belief that everyone has the right to an effective government. We deliver on this belief by partnering with leading Federal agencies to design, develop, and deliver powerful customer experiences through holistic... digitalproduct solutionsand strategic communications initiativesbringinga high standard and unique creative energy to our clientsand our wonderfully diverse culture is what makes it all possible. Bixal unites different people with different perspectives from all over the world! We provide our teamwith an open and empowered environment where collaboration thrivesand solutions flourish.Location:This role has the ability to work remotely with possible travel to the client site and Bixal events. (Less than 5% annually.) You must be authorized to work in the United States. Bixal does not provide visa sponsorship. You must be able to undergo and pass a public trust security clearance.What will you do?As a member of our tech team, you will work collaboratively with Bixal team members and various stakeholders to design and redesign top-notch websites for our clients. Your thirst for continuous learning and professional development is rivaled by your Drupal knowledge. Bixal is focused on leaving the world a better place as a result of the work we're doing. If you'd like to use your coding powers for good, then you should join our team!Responsibilities: Build, maintain, and enhance Drupal responsive and accessible websites and modules Develop custom Drupal modules to meet specific project requirements Perform code reviews, and identify and fix bugs in existing code Collaborate with front-end developers, designers, and project managers to ensure seamless integration with the front-end code Work with project managers to ensure timely delivery of projects Stay up-to-date with the latest Drupal developments, and contribute to the Drupal community as possibleQualifications: At least 3 years of experience developing Drupal websites and modules Expert-level knowledge of Drupal 8/9/10, PHP, and MySQL Experience with Git and Git workflows Strong communication and collaboration skills Ability to work independently and as part of a team BS in Computer Science or a related field is preferred Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field. Experience in all aspects of the software development lifecycle, including design, functional and technical requirements, coding, debugging, testing, release and operation support. Experience with Agile Software Development Methodology. Experience with software development best practices, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing and operations. Strong working knowledge of and hands-on experience with current technologies and web development tools, including , CSS/CSS3, HTML5, APIs, Web Services, SOAP, HTTPS, XML. Bixal does not provide visa sponsorship at this time.Nice to Haves: Experience with Drupal theming and front-end development is a plus Experience with Python is a plus Experience with migrations from Drupal 7 to Drupal 8 is preferred. JavaScrip skills and experience with javascript frameworks like AngularJS, ReactJS or Vue.jsBixal focuses on Internet, Information Technology, Telecommunications, and Software. Their company has offices in Fairfax. They have a large team that's between 201-500 employees.You can view their website at http://bixal.com or find them on Product Hunt You must be authorized to work in the United States You must be able to undergo and pass a public trust security clearance At least 3 years of experience developing Drupal websites and modules Expert-level knowledge of Drupal 8/9/10, PHP, and MySQL Experience with Git and Git workflows Strong communication and collaboration skills Ability to work independently and as part of a team Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field Experience in all aspects of the software development lifecycle, including design, functional and technical requirements, coding, debugging, testing, release and operation support Experience with Agile Software Development Methodology Experience with software development best practices, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing and operations Strong working knowledge of and hands-on experience with current technologies and web development tools, including , CSS/CSS3, HTML5, APIs, Web Services, SOAP, HTTPS, XML Bixal does not provide visa sponsorship at this time JavaScrip skills and experience with javascript frameworks like AngularJS, ReactJS or Vue.js Location:This role has the ability to work remotely with possible travel to the client site and Bixal events What will you do?As a member of our tech team, you will work collaboratively with Bixal team members and various stakeholders to design and redesign top-notch websites for our clients Build, maintain, and enhance Drupal responsive and accessible websites and modules Develop custom Drupal modules to meet specific project requirements Perform code reviews, and identify and fix bugs in existing code Collaborate with front-end developers, designers, and project managers to ensure seamless integration with the front-end code Work with project managers to ensure timely delivery of projects Stay up-to-date with the latest Drupal developments, and contribute to the Drupal community as possible 