Below is the job description of Front End DevelopersAs a Front End Software Engineer, you will join a highly functioning team comprised of a combination of full time and part-time professionals across the globe. If you can demonstrate success then you will have a chance to work across multiple products of increasing power and complexity...If you are interested in part-time contract work then you may work remotely as long as there is significant overlap of your working time with the Central Time Zone in the United States. If youre interested in joining us on a full time basis then this is an on-site position based at our office in Wichita, Kan. You must be authorized to work in the United States.Responsibilities: As part of a team, deliver complete frontend sites and products. Parse APIs (JSON) into front-end interfaces using Angular 2, HTML & CSS (LESS). Build responsive design, handle page navigation and turn mock-ups into web pages quickly and according to spec. Write, test, maintain and document re-usable code. Participate fully in code reviews and work with internal designers, developers and QA to ensure quality code. Collaborate daily with other frontend developers, backend developers, and our data team across the full software development lifecycle.Technical Skill and Experience Requirements: Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structures and algorithm design, and complexity analysis Software development fundamentals, including testing, troubleshooting and using version control (we use GitHub). 5 years of professional development experience. Familiar with and/or have experience with Agile development under the SCRUM methodology. Demonstrated achievement in front-end development technologies using JavaScript frameworks (we use Angular 2 ), HTML5, CSS3 and advanced JavaScript (portfolio required). Ability to create component-based reusable and testable modules and pages. Experience using data interchange formats, such as JSON or XML. Team player with excellent communication skills.Nice to Have Skills and Experience: Background in Angular (1 or 2), Meteor.js, Bootstrap, Webpack, Node or Gulp. Experience building responsive web sites. Ability to write unit tests using BDD or TDD. Eye for detail. Understanding of one or more of these: databases, platforms, APIs, caching layers, proxies, or other web services used in the system.Keys to Success Demonstrated ability to brutally prioritize. Be prepared to give examples of critically important projects you didnt get done in favor of even more important projects. What criteria did you use to make your decision? Team player willing to take direction, yet with the initiative to identify and act on matters without waiting for direction. This one is really important. Genuinely excited about technology, have a strong interest in learning & using the latest tools, and constantly want to learn new things. Highly-motivated and thrive in an environment where opportunities are many times of your own making. Enjoy engaging in passionate discussions with smart people and letting the best ideas rise to the top. Strong communication skills, both with technical and nontechnical audiences. Willingness to work as part of a team and embrace best practices, like version control, code reviews, documentation and workflow management tools.Please pay careful attention to these directions because we wont look at resumes that are not 100% compliant with all the instructions.How NOT to Apply: We only wish to receive applications from principal job seekers  no recruiters, please. Sending us your resume unaccompanied by the required materials below.How to Apply: Send a Word or PDF formatted resume to: [email protected] Your Subject line should follow this format: Job Title | Your First and Last Name. eg. Full Stack Developer | Truman White In the body of your email please state your interest in the given position, tell us the preferred way to contact you, and answer this question: I believe people do their best work when.Interested? Please apply from Salary.comJob Code: 09afe74f-047d-491b-b4b1-85bd243a1039Suggested Job Competencies: Debugging, Front End DevelopmentAverage Estimate Salary for a Front End Developers: $112,697 to $134,126This data is calculated using netizen feedback data. To get the most accurate number for your company jobs in your locations, use our subscription products: https://www.salary.com/companalyst You must be authorized to work in the United States Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structures and algorithm design, and complexity analysis Software development fundamentals, including testing, troubleshooting and using version control (we use GitHub) 5 years of professional development experience Familiar with and/or have experience with Agile development under the SCRUM methodology Demonstrated achievement in front-end development technologies using JavaScript frameworks (we use Angular 2 ), HTML5, CSS3 and advanced JavaScript (portfolio required) Ability to create component-based reusable and testable modules and pages Experience using data interchange formats, such as JSON or XML Team player with excellent communication skills Nice to Have Skills and Experience: Background in Angular (1 or 2), Meteor.js, Bootstrap, Webpack, Node or Gulp Experience building responsive web sites Ability to write unit tests using BDD or TDD Eye for detail Understanding of one or more of these: databases, platforms, APIs, caching layers, proxies, or other web services used in the system Keys to Success Demonstrated ability to brutally prioritize Be prepared to give examples of critically important projects you didnt get done in favor of even more important projects Team player willing to take direction, yet with the initiative to identify and act on matters without waiting for direction Genuinely excited about technology, have a strong interest in learning & using the latest tools, and constantly want to learn new things Highly-motivated and thrive in an environment where opportunities are many times of your own making Enjoy engaging in passionate discussions with smart people and letting the best ideas rise to the top Strong communication skills, both with technical and nontechnical audiences Willingness to work as part of a team and embrace best practices, like version control, code reviews, documentation and workflow management tools Suggested Job Competencies: Debugging, Front End Development As part of a team, deliver complete frontend sites and products Parse APIs (JSON) into front-end interfaces using Angular 2, HTML & CSS (LESS) Build responsive design, handle page navigation and turn mock-ups into web pages quickly and according to spec Write, test, maintain and document re-usable code Participate fully in code reviews and work with internal designers, developers and QA to ensure quality code Collaborate daily with other frontend developers, backend developers, and our data team across the full software development lifecycle Average Estimate Salary for a Front End Developers: $112,697 to $134,126 