DescriptionDo you thrive on working on the cutting edge? Working with innovators in the early stages of ideas and products? Are you technologically savvy and forward-thinker? Would you enjoy using your software development skills to deliver world-class applications? Would you like to make an impact on the experience of millions of Humana members...We are looking for a Front End Web Developer, with experience in modern JavaScript, Node.js, React, Jest, and SQL/NoSQL data stores.ResponsibilitiesThe team is organized around a product and is empowered to do the job. We co-create with our end-users and follow human-centered design approach and agile development practices. Its a distributed onshore/nearshore/offshore team that operates remotely, working Eastern Standard Time hours.Our front-end web apps are written in React, and our back-end services are built using Java/Spring Boot. We use a modern development process with continuous integration, continuous deployment, feature flags, automated testing, and vulnerability scanning. We ship in small increments, and we ship often. Apps and services are deployed in Azure Cloud.Required Qualifications Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field Strong React JS and JavaScript experience 3-5 years of experience in systems analysis or application programming development Java Spring Boot Hands-on experience. Experience with Azure DevOps, GIT, CI/CD, TDD, and Automated Build Processes Experience with Cloud Technologies (Azure, GCP, AWS, etc.)Preferred Qualifications Must be passionate about contributing to an organization focused on continuously improving consumer experiences. Experience with Next JS Master's Degree Experience in Test Driven Development (TDD) and agile methodologies.Work-At-Home Requirements:To ensure Home or Hybrid Home/Office associates ability to work effectively, the self-provided internet service of Home or Hybrid Home/Office associates must meet the following criteria: At minimum, a download speed of 25 Mbps and an upload speed of 10 Mbps is recommended; wireless, wired cable or DSL connection is suggested Satellite, cellular and microwave connection can be used only if approved by leadership Associates who live and work from Home in the state of California, Illinois, Montana, or South Dakota will be provided a bi-weekly payment for their internet expense. Humana will provide Home or Hybrid Home/Office associates with telephone equipment appropriate to meet the business requirements for their position/job. Work from a dedicated space lacking ongoing interruptions to protect member PHI / HIPAA information#LI-RemoteThis is a remote jobScheduled Weekly Hours40 Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field Strong React JS and JavaScript experience 3-5 years of experience in systems analysis or application programming development Java Spring Boot Hands-on experience Experience with Azure DevOps, GIT, CI/CD, TDD, and Automated Build Processes Experience with Cloud Technologies (Azure, GCP, AWS, etc.) To ensure Home or Hybrid Home/Office associates ability to work effectively, the self-provided internet service of Home or Hybrid Home/Office associates must meet the following criteria: At minimum, a download speed of 25 Mbps and an upload speed of 10 Mbps is recommended; wireless, wired cable or DSL connection is suggested Satellite, cellular and microwave connection can be used only if approved by leadership The team is organized around a product and is empowered to do the job 