About usWalrus is the leader in B2B payment verification, working with some of the biggest names in VC, PE, and more...B2B payments are a $1T+ industry and, as the industry pushes further into digitization and faster settlement, fraud is becoming a massive problem  to the tune of $43B in annual losses.Walruss DoubleCheck is quickly becoming the definitive way to collect and confirm payment details, using advanced authentication based on proprietary tech and AI.Walrus is led by PhD computer scientists and security researchers from Harvard, MIT, and Stanford. Were backed by one of the world's leading fintech VC funds, as well as founders and executives of Twitter, Google Maps, Databricks, and Kayak.The roleYou will take a primary role in building Walruss flagship DoubleCheck product, with particular emphasis on the design, UX, and front-end architecture. You are mission-driven, and you want to work on a problem that matters. You will: Build key user experiences, based on team input, user feedback, and your own design skills. Use industry-standard tools for testing, code quality, and design to create a beautiful, reliable, and usable web application. Collaborate with technical and non-technical team members to develop new features and tools based on user input.What you bring You have experience with React, Vue, or similar Javascript UI framework. You have a good understanding of the design of data models in Django or similar data framework, and how to query those models in SQL or similar. You have experience with data-driven design, A/B tests, and the visualization of data. You are deeply invested in code quality, and you have experience with tools like Jest for unit tests, Puppeteer for E2E tests, and Prettier for linting. You love clear design and UX. You have 4+ years of experience in technical, design, or art work.Optionally You have experience with Typescript or Flow. You have experience with browser compatibility, polyfills.What it's like to work with usWere a tight-knit, early-stage team thats focused on building a product that our customers love. We have a strong company culture based on collaboration, ownership, and mentoring. We meet sparingly and efficiently. We understand our innate biases and celebrate diversity. Ours is a low-ego, no-drama workplace, where we provide the tools for everyone to do their best work. You will own your projects, work closely with the leadership team, and have room for extensive growth within the company.Walrus offers competitive compensation and benefits, including salary, equity, paid medical insurance, company contribution to wellness, good coverage for dependents, dental, retirement, relocation assistance, and minimum PTO.We believe talent comes from all backgrounds and walks of life, and are committed to providing a comfortable environment for everyone to work.The base pay for this position in New York City is $130k$210k. This information is provided per the New York City Human Rights Law. Base pay information is based on market location You are mission-driven, and you want to work on a problem that matters You have experience with React, Vue, or similar Javascript UI framework You have a good understanding of the design of data models in Django or similar data framework, and how to query those models in SQL or similar You have experience with data-driven design, A/B tests, and the visualization of data You are deeply invested in code quality, and you have experience with tools like Jest for unit tests, Puppeteer for E2E tests, and Prettier for linting You love clear design and UX You have 4+ years of experience in technical, design, or art work You have experience with Typescript or Flow You have experience with browser compatibility, polyfills You will take a primary role in building Walruss flagship DoubleCheck product, with particular emphasis on the design, UX, and front-end architecture Build key user experiences, based on team input, user feedback, and your own design skills Use industry-standard tools for testing, code quality, and design to create a beautiful, reliable, and usable web application Collaborate with technical and non-technical team members to develop new features and tools based on user input Walrus offers competitive compensation and benefits, including salary, equity, paid medical insurance, company contribution to wellness, good coverage for dependents, dental, retirement, relocation assistance, and minimum PTO The base pay for this position in New York City is $130k$210k 