The goal: To create a GUI with Python, which connects to existing code. This will allow the user to select from different options. Code must be DRY and be written in self-contained modules.What we can offer you...--------------------------1. Opportunities to work on famous external clients (e.g. Disney, Ernst & Young, Credit Suisse)You can pick contract that work for you without politics, stress or drama. We manage all of that for you.2. Multiple internal project opportunitiesBecome our long-term preferred supplier. We offer you projects that match your skillset and interest.3. Great working environmentBe welcomed into our happy, supportive and helpful family environment (read our Upwork reviews).4. Bonuses!We value great people.We reward people on trust, loyalty, quality of work and proactiveness financially through more contracts, client opportunities, and/or more exclusive opportunities to partner with us.What you will do with us---------------------------------- Create a Python GUI that connects to existing code. Tool should allow the user to decide on various options, depending on the scenarios. Write DRY code, in self-contained modules, which meets best practice principles.We will help you by providing.--------------------------------- Access to facilities (where applicable) Quality Acceptance criteria and training Active leadership supportHow we reward--------------------We operate on a fair basis. We will do everything to make and keep the best people. We reward people based on 4 levels of performance:1. STAR PLAYERIF YOU: Deliver work on time, meet acceptance criteria & meet basic company expectations [e.g. attend a few calls, help others, be dependable & proactive]WE REWARD: 5* Rating + Agreed full contract rate paid + Guaranteed bonus + Long-term partnership + recommendation to global clients + invitations to work with us on big fortune 500 clients (you will be protected from politics by us)2. GOOD PLAYERIF YOU: Deliver your work as promised on time, meet acceptance criteriaWE REWARD: 5* Rating + Agreed full contract rate paid3. ONE-OFFIF YOU: Deliver your work as promised, meet acceptance criteria (but work is late)WE REWARD: Agreed full contract rate paid only4. POOR PERFORMERIF YOU: Don't meet acceptance criteria or become unresponsive, unreliable or difficultWE REWARD: Rating and payment to be negotiatedWhat you need to be successful:---------------------------------------Were a passionate and vibrant team with excellent team morale and a strong family feel.We respect, always protect and support each other. To be successful, you need to be:1. Be polite, friendly & positivePlease do not apply, if you struggle with ''please'' and ''thank you'' - thank you.2. Be supportive and patientWe all want to learn from each other. Ask if requirements/solutions are not clear. Well work together to find the right way, which will save rework, stress & frustration.3. Be proactiveLearn, find answers, and always look to improve. Take notes and apply feedback to help you.4. Be Available and dependablePlease be available and dependable for making agreed meetings and delivery timelines.We know sometimes timelines can slip. Manage our expectations by using our simple business software to track tasks and due dates.5. Be responsibleTruly care about the value that you bring. Care for your project, it's your baby and your legacy.This is not a job to do the bare minimum and run the clock. Be a part of something great!6. Be a great team playerWorking together builds trust and stronger relationships. We look for all our family to proactively help others, be social and work together to see each other succeed as a team.7. Be FastYou're already experienced and skilled. Ask questions and start adding value within hours, not days or weeks. We'll work together on refining your work over time. Most projects are relatively straightforward and logical Be polite, friendly & positive Please be available and dependable for making agreed meetings and delivery timelines The goal: To create a GUI with Python, which connects to existing code This will allow the user to select from different options  Tool should allow the user to decide on various options, depending on the scenarios Be supportive and patient Learn, find answers, and always look to improve Be Available and dependable Opportunities to work on famous external clients (e.g You can pick contract that work for you without politics, stress or drama Multiple internal project opportunities  Access to facilities (where applicable) 5* Rating + Agreed full contract rate paid + Guaranteed bonus + Long-term partnership + recommendation to global clients + invitations to work with us on big fortune 500 clients (you will be protected from politics by us) WE REWARD: Agreed full contract rate paid only POOR PERFORMER 