Job Description:An ideal candidate is an Angular developer in delivering complex enterprise projects using latest front-end technologies...Responsibilities include: Designing and developing user interfaces using AngularJS best practices. Adapting interface for modern internet applications using the latest front-end technologies. Writing JavaScript, CSS, and HTML. Developing product analysis tasks. Making complex technical and design decisions for AngularJS projects. Developing application codes and unit tests in AngularJS, Java Technologies, and Rest Web Services. Conducting performance tests. Consulting with the design team. Ensuring high performance of applications and providing support. Take responsibility for Design, Execution, Deployment and Quality of the deliveries Have experience with agile development methodology Take responsibility for Design, Execution, Deployment and Quality of the deliveries Have experience with agile development methodology Contribute actively with Designing, Coding, Code reviews, testing and integrating the work Interface with multiple local and remote business and technical teamsSkills Comfortable with more than one programming language and have a firm grasp of fundamentals of web/internet technologies. He/She has solid experience in building enterprise systems using 5-7 years experience developing application in Angular Framework. Experience doing UI development using HTML5, Angular 5/6/7/8 Framework Experience developing unit tests and experience with test driven development Participate in the daily scrum and sprint planning. Utilize the existing CSS frameworks and implement designs using CSS Frameworks. A University or College degree in Computer Science or equivalent field Comfortable with more than one programming language and have a firm grasp of fundamentals of web/internet technologies He/She has solid experience in building enterprise systems using 5-7 years experience developing application in Angular Framework Experience doing UI development using HTML5, Angular 5/6/7/8 Framework Experience developing unit tests and experience with test driven development A University or College degree in Computer Science or equivalent field Designing and developing user interfaces using AngularJS best practices Adapting interface for modern internet applications using the latest front-end technologies Writing JavaScript, CSS, and HTML Developing product analysis tasks Making complex technical and design decisions for AngularJS projects Developing application codes and unit tests in AngularJS, Java Technologies, and Rest Web Services Conducting performance tests Consulting with the design team Ensuring high performance of applications and providing support Take responsibility for Design, Execution, Deployment and Quality of the deliveries Have experience with agile development methodology Contribute actively with Designing, Coding, Code reviews, testing and integrating the work Interface with multiple local and remote business and technical teams Participate in the daily scrum and sprint planning 