Job SummaryResearch, conceive, develop, and maintain innovative software applications for use as part of Army Enterprise Assessment System (AEAS). Engage with multiple functional groups to comprehend client challenges and prototype new ideas and new technologies and help create solutions to drive the next wave of innovation. Design, implement, schedule, test, and deploy full features and... components of solutions. Ensure quality software delivery through thorough testing and reviews.Essential Functions/ PWS Requirement Collaborate with scientists and other developers to improve, update, and maintain applications. Implement design to broaden access and incorporate diverse data streams. Develop Application Programming Interfaces (API)s. Troubleshoot and test for usability. Write technical documentation. Attend work-related conferences, meetings, or training when required.Required Skills, Qualifications & Certifications 3+ years of relevant experience Experience in UI and front end application development US Citizen and ability to achieve favorable background check. Security+ CE, CCNA-Security, CySA+, GICSP, GSEC, or SSCP Certification MTA certification in Software Development Fundamentals or HTML5 App Development Fundamentals (or similar)Desired Skills, Qualifications & Certifications Bachelor's degree in computer science, engineering or related fieldOther DutiesThis job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities, and activities may change at any time with or without notice.AAP & EEO StatementBeshenich Muir & Associates, LLC (BMA) is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, religious creed, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, transgender, pregnancy, marital status, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, age, disability, protected Veteran Status, genetics or any other characteristics protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. In addition to federal law requirements, BMA complies with all applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in all locations.If you are a qualified individual with a disability or disabled veteran, you have the right to request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access BMA's current openings as a result of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by calling 913.845.1489. Thank you for your interest in BMA 3+ years of relevant experience Experience in UI and front end application development US Citizen and ability to achieve favorable background check Security+ CE, CCNA-Security, CySA+, GICSP, GSEC, or SSCP Certification MTA certification in Software Development Fundamentals or HTML5 App Development Fundamentals (or similar) Engage with multiple functional groups to comprehend client challenges and prototype new ideas and new technologies and help create solutions to drive the next wave of innovation Design, implement, schedule, test, and deploy full features and components of solutions Ensure quality software delivery through thorough testing and reviews Essential Functions/ PWS Requirement Collaborate with scientists and other developers to improve, update, and maintain applications Implement design to broaden access and incorporate diverse data streams Develop Application Programming Interfaces (API)s Troubleshoot and test for usability Write technical documentation Attend work-related conferences, meetings, or training when required 