Job Description:About HireRight...HireRight is the premier global background screening and workforce solutions provider. We bring clarity and confidence to vetting and hiring decisions through integrated, tailored solutions, driving a higher standard of accuracy in everything we do. Combining in-house talent, personalized services, and proprietary technology, we ensure the best candidate experience possible. PBSA accredited and based in Nashville, TN, we offer expertise from our regional centers across 200 countries and territories in The Americas, Europe, Asia, and the Middle East. Our commitment to get it right every time, everywhere, makes us the trusted partner of businesses and organizations worldwide.OverviewHireRight Engineering team is looking for a motivated Front-end Developer to join our team of professionals. In this role you will design, build, and deliver user interface components using React.js concepts, workflows, and techniques powering the platform used by our customers every day. You will work closely with Product Managers, Business Analysts and QA to support our applications and implement new features and improvements. You will also ensure that the application is scalable and robust by working closely with the backend team.Responsibilities Develop new user-facing features using React.js. Build reusable components and libraries for future use. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features. Identify and resolve performance and scalability issues. Maintain code quality and ensure responsiveness of applications. Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs. Optimize application for maximum speed and scalability. Collaborate with other engineers, product managers, quality engineers, analyse functional and non-functional/technical requirements. Stay up-to-date with emerging trends and technologies in front-end development.Qualifications Experience with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, ReactJS 3 years of work experience in Web Development Proven experience as a React Developer or similar role. Experience with React.js workflows (such as Redux, Flux, or Context API). Familiarity with modern front-end build pipelines and tools. Experience with common front-end development tools such as Babel, Webpack, NPM, etc. Experience with front-end unit testing frameworks such as Cypress, Jest, Mocha, etc. Strong communicator and highly organizedEducation: Bachelors degree in computer science or a related field.If you meet the qualifications and have the passion to work with a team of talented individuals, please submit your application including your resume, cover letter and portfolio of your work.What do we offerHireRight does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of HireRight and HireRight will not be obligated to pay a placement fee.Are you interested in this job? Please apply from Salary.comJob ID: j202304220653348623224Average Estimate Salary for a Front-End Developer: $110,928 to $139,537This data is calculated using netizen feedback data. To get the most accurate number for your company jobs in your locations, use our subscription products: https://www.salary.com/companalyst Experience with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, ReactJS 3 years of work experience in Web Development Proven experience as a React Developer or similar role Experience with React.js workflows (such as Redux, Flux, or Context API) Familiarity with modern front-end build pipelines and tools Experience with common front-end development tools such as Babel, Webpack, NPM, etc Experience with front-end unit testing frameworks such as Cypress, Jest, Mocha, etc Strong communicator and highly organized Bachelors degree in computer science or a related field In this role you will design, build, and deliver user interface components using React.js concepts, workflows, and techniques powering the platform used by our customers every day You will work closely with Product Managers, Business Analysts and QA to support our applications and implement new features and improvements You will also ensure that the application is scalable and robust by working closely with the backend team Develop new user-facing features using React.js Build reusable components and libraries for future use Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features Identify and resolve performance and scalability issues Maintain code quality and ensure responsiveness of applications Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs Optimize application for maximum speed and scalability Collaborate with other engineers, product managers, quality engineers, analyse functional and non-functional/technical requirements Stay up-to-date with emerging trends and technologies in front-end development Average Estimate Salary for a Front-End Developer: $110,928 to $139,537 