Position Summary...What you'll do...Team Overview:The Me@Campus Core teams are responsible for the centralized platforms and processes leveraged by the Me@Campus mobile and desktop applications; a single, integrated experience for our campus-based associates. The Core Platforms team is responsible for all core services and integrations leveraged by the Me@Campus mobile and desktop core applications. This responsibility includes a wide variety of different technologies in the areas of application development, deployment, infrastructure management, observability and telemetry, performance testing, many more.About Team: EBS - Me@CampusThe Me@Campus core team is responsible for providing a robust framework for the delivery of integrated experiences to campus-based associates through the multiple modalities. This framework consists of two Super/Composite Apps (mobile and web) which provide core capabilities like AuthN/AuthZ, navigation, notifications, etc.; all supporting integrations and backend services to support these Super Apps; several standard mini apps within both super apps; and a consolidated quality engineering team responsible for enforcement of best practices regarding all manner of testing and policy compliance.What you'll do: Build, release and support desktop people experience web application Collaborate with UI/UX, Architect, Product and Engineering leads for new features and enhancements Co-ordinate with release and support team for the deployment of app across different environments. Production support for hot fix and troubleshooting. Work with cross team for system integration, support, and troubleshootingWhat you'll bring: React JS /Javascript/Typescript NX, Electrode CI/CD build pipeline Experience in Backend API Database / ReduxAbout Walmart Global TechImagine working in an environment where one line of code can make life easier for hundreds of millions of people. That's what we do at Walmart Global Tech. We're a team of software engineers, data scientists, cybersecurity expert's and service professionals within the world's leading retailer who make an epic impact and are at the forefront of the next retail disruption. People are why we innovate, and people power our innovations. We are people-led and tech-empowered. We train our team in the skillsets of the future and bring in experts like you to help us grow. We have roles for those chasing their first opportunity as well as those looking for the opportunity that will define their career. Here, you can kickstart a great career in tech, gain new skills and experience for virtually every industry, or leverage your expertise to innovate at scale, impact millions and reimagine the future of retail.Flexible, hybrid work:We use a hybrid way of working that is primarily in office coupled with virtual when not onsite. Our campuses serve as a hub to enhance collaboration, bring us together for purpose and deliver on business needs. This approach helps us make quicker decisions, remove location barriers across our global team and be more flexible in our personal lives.Benefits:Benefits: Beyond our great compensation package, you can receive incentive awards for your performance. Other great perks include 401(k) match, stock purchase plan, paid maternity and parental leave, PTO, multiple health plans, and much more.Equal Opportunity Employer:Walmart, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer - By Choice. We believe we are best equipped to help our associates, customers, and the communities we serve live better when we really know them. That means understanding, respecting, and valuing diversity- unique styles, experiences, identities, ideas and opinions - while being inclusive of all people.The above information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed in the role. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. The full Job Description can be made available as part of the hiring process.Minimum Qualifications...Outlined below are the required minimum qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no minimum qualifications.Option 1: Bachelor's degree in computer science, computer engineering, computer information systems, software engineering, or related area and 2 years' experience in software engineering or related area.Option 2: 4 years' experience in software engineering or related area.Preferred Qualifications...Outlined below are the optional preferred qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no preferred qualifications.Customer ServiceMasters: Computer SciencePrimary Location...603 MUNGER AVE STE 400, DALLAS, TX 75202, United States of America Experience in Backend API Database / Redux Option 1: Bachelor's degree in computer science, computer engineering, computer information systems, software engineering, or related area and 2 years' experience in software engineering or related area Build, release and support desktop people experience web application Collaborate with UI/UX, Architect, Product and Engineering leads for new features and enhancements Co-ordinate with release and support team for the deployment of app across different environments Production support for hot fix and troubleshooting Work with cross team for system integration, support, and troubleshooting Benefits: Beyond our great compensation package, you can receive incentive awards for your performance Other great perks include 401(k) match, stock purchase plan, paid maternity and parental leave, PTO, multiple health plans, and much more 