Description We are looking for a qualified Front-end developer to join our IT team. You will be responsible for building the 'client-side' of our web applications. You should be able to translate our company and customer needs into functional and appealing interactive applications. If you're interested in creating a user-friendly environment by writing code and moving forward in your career, then this job is for you. We expect you to be a tech-savvy professional, who is curious about new digital technologies and aspires to combine usability with visual design. Ultimately, you should be able to create a functional and attractive digital environment for our company, ensuring great user experience. This position is not eligible for sponsorship. Responsibilities Maintain and improve Java web applications developed in JSF/Primefaces Design and develop modern web applications utilizing Angular or React Use markup languages like HTML to create user-friendly web pages Optimize web... applications for maximum speed Design mobile-based features Collaborate with back-end developers and web designers to improve usability Work with Product Managers to Get feedback from, and build solutions for, users and customers Write functional requirement documents and guides Create quality mockups and prototypes Assist back-end Java developers with coding and troubleshooting Ensure high quality graphic standards and brand consistency Stay up-to-date on emerging technologies Requirements Proven work experience as a Front-end developer, 3years Hands on experience with markup languages Experience with web technologies like Angular, React, Typescript, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, JSF and jQuery Experience building responsive and mobile friendly reporting/analystics platforms Familiarity with browser testing and debugging In-depth understanding of the entire web development process (design, development and deployment) Understanding of layout aesthetics An ability to perform well in a fast-paced environment Excellent analytical and multitasking skills Benefits Open Lending offers a casual and fun work environment with a competitive compensation package including an excellent benefits package including Medical, Dental, Vision, Disability, 401(k) and PTO. Open Lending was named #5 to the exclusive Austin Business Journal's Best Places to Work list and repeatedly named as one of the fastest 50 growing companies in central Texas. Open Lending has also been named as one of the 18 Big Data companies you should know in Austin. This is an opportunity to make a huge impact at a hot, profitable company on a widely adopted software product.Salary Range:$80K -- $100KMinimum QualificationSoftware DevelopmentEstimated Salary: $20 to $28 per hour based on qualifications Description We are looking for a qualified Front-end developer to join our IT team. You will be responsible for building the 'client-side' of our web applications. You should be able to translate our company and customer needs into functional and appealing interactive applications. If you're interested in creating a user-friendly environment by writing code and moving forward in your career, then this job is for you. We expect you to be a tech-savvy professional, who is curious about new digital technologies and aspires to combine usability with visual design. Ultimately, you should be able to create a functional and attractive digital environment for our company, ensuring great user experience. This position is not eligible for sponsorship. Responsibilities Maintain and improve Java web applications developed in JSF/Primefaces Design and develop modern web applications utilizing Angular or React Use markup languages like HTML to create user-friendly web pages Optimize web... applications for maximum speed Design mobile-based features Collaborate with back-end developers and web designers to improve usability Work with Product Managers to Get feedback from, and build solutions for, users and customers Write functional requirement documents and guides Create quality mockups and prototypes Assist back-end Java developers with coding and troubleshooting Ensure high quality graphic standards and brand consistency Stay up-to-date on emerging technologies Requirements Proven work experience as a Front-end developer, 3years Hands on experience with markup languages Experience with web technologies like Angular, React, Typescript, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, JSF and jQuery Experience building responsive and mobile friendly reporting/analystics platforms Familiarity with browser testing and debugging In-depth understanding of the entire web development process (design, development and deployment) Understanding of layout aesthetics An ability to perform well in a fast-paced environment Excellent analytical and multitasking skills Benefits Open Lending offers a casual and fun work environment with a competitive compensation package including an excellent benefits package including Medical, Dental, Vision, Disability, 401(k) and PTO. Open Lending was named #5 to the exclusive Austin Business Journal's Best Places to Work list and repeatedly named as one of the fastest 50 growing companies in central Texas. Open Lending has also been named as one of the 18 Big Data companies you should know in Austin. This is an opportunity to make a huge impact at a hot, profitable company on a widely adopted software product.Salary Range:$80K -- $100KMinimum QualificationSoftware DevelopmentEstimated Salary: $20 to $28 per hour based on qualifications 