ControlUp is transforming the way IT manages systems and troubleshoots issues.We are looking for an experienced web-based enterprise software front-end developer/team lead to join the physical end-point products division (aka Edge DX team) in North America. This is a full-time, permanent remote position. The ideal candidate will help drive the next generation of ControlUp innovation, using the... cutting edge of modern technologies.Description of Work: Work within a geographically dispersed team of professionals in the US, Canada, UK and Israel and be an integral part of ControlUps success. Lead the front-end team, driving weekly feature releases to customers, organizing the team roster/tickets and managing the teams personal development. Also, some team admin tasks such as authorizing expenses and vacation, performance reviews. Design, implement & unit test web-based enterprise software front ends in ReactJS using TypeScript. Participate in the full life cycle of an agile project development that delivers new customer features and fixes every week. Work with back-end developers and Agent developers to create RESTful APIs. Understand business problem statements, user scenarios, and technical constraints. Participate in release planning, backlog grooming, demos and daily stand-ups via Slack. Develop user stories from high level requirements. Continuously develop knowledge and skills on pertinent systems. Perform thorough unit and functional testing of the code to ensure high quality products. Demonstrate strong oral and written communication skills.Must haves: 5+ years of experience creating commercial web-based enterprise front-end applications gained at a software product or SaaS company. 5+ years of TypeScript/JavaScript, HTML / CSS. 2+ years as a technical team lead/mentor Strong knowledge of ReactJS and commonly used modules. Strong knowledge of creating custom, general use modules and components which extend core frameworks. Strong knowledge of jQuery, REST APIs, AJAX. Strong knowledge of responsive web design principles and associated frameworks. Experience using distributed version control such as Git/Bit Bucket/Azure DevOps. Experience with Agile development methodologies, ideally Feature Driven Development. Organised, self-motivating, team player. Must have excellent verbal and written English. Experience working in small start-up culture companies. Experience working with teams in different time zones. Must hold a valid passport and have Visas to travel to North America (USA and Canada) and the UK for quarterly meetings and occasionally other international destinations.Preferred : ChartJS. NodeJS. Asynchronous programming experience. Experience with CI/CD principles and tools preferably Azure DevOps Microservices architecture and design principles and scalability best practices. NoSQL databases. About our team: Our team has a startup culture  anything is possible, we wear multiple hats when necessary to get the job done.  Our number one focus is delivering new customer value (fixes and features) every week. The entire team from top to bottom are/were developers and testers, so we make decisions based on sound engineering principles. We hate technical debt and like to keep our code base tidy, but we dont indulge ourselves in endless refactoring. We are a super agile team; we practice Feature Driven Development - Agile Scrum is not agile enough for us. We are a permanent remote team, but we get together with colleagues from around the world every 3 months for face-to-face meetings and team building. To thrive here:o You must enjoy iterative development of features - we get something in front of customers as soon as possible, then iterate until its right.o You must enjoy light-touch, lean process.o You must be a self-starter and think for yourself, we dont have time to micromanage team members.o You must like working in a small team where you can make a difference.o You must be a doer who is practical and pragmatic.o You must fully embrace real-time digital communications with colleagues over Slack and Zoom.o You must be able and willing to travel, usually to the US, Canada or UK, for a week each quarter. 5+ years of experience creating commercial web-based enterprise front-end applications gained at a software product or SaaS company 5+ years of TypeScript/JavaScript, HTML / CSS 2+ years as a technical team lead/mentor Strong knowledge of ReactJS and commonly used modules Strong knowledge of creating custom, general use modules and components which extend core frameworks Strong knowledge of jQuery, REST APIs, AJAX Strong knowledge of responsive web design principles and associated frameworks Experience using distributed version control such as Git/Bit Bucket/Azure DevOps Experience with Agile development methodologies, ideally Feature Driven Development Organised, self-motivating, team player Must have excellent verbal and written English Experience working in small start-up culture companies Experience working with teams in different time zones Must hold a valid passport and have Visas to travel to North America (USA and Canada) and the UK for quarterly meetings and occasionally other international destinations You must enjoy light-touch, lean process You must be a self-starter and think for yourself, we dont have time to micromanage team members You must like working in a small team where you can make a difference You must be a doer who is practical and pragmatic You must fully embrace real-time digital communications with colleagues over Slack and Zoom You must be able and willing to travel, usually to the US, Canada or UK, for a week each quarter. Work within a geographically dispersed team of professionals in the US, Canada, UK and Israel and be an integral part of ControlUps success Lead the front-end team, driving weekly feature releases to customers, organizing the team roster/tickets and managing the teams personal development Also, some team admin tasks such as authorizing expenses and vacation, performance reviews Design, implement & unit test web-based enterprise software front ends in ReactJS using TypeScript Participate in the full life cycle of an agile project development that delivers new customer features and fixes every week Work with back-end developers and Agent developers to create RESTful APIs Understand business problem statements, user scenarios, and technical constraints Participate in release planning, backlog grooming, demos and daily stand-ups via Slack Develop user stories from high level requirements Continuously develop knowledge and skills on pertinent systems Perform thorough unit and functional testing of the code to ensure high quality products Demonstrate strong oral and written communication skills 