Front End DeveloperOtterSoft is hiring, for a Front-End Developer, Mid Level, with a minimum of 3 years of professional work experience. With the supervision of the Lead Software Developer, this position will be responsible for writing code to generate web pages, access databases, and business logic servers; Work with designers and content producers to test and document software for websites... Write, modify, and debug software for websites; Contribute to the User Interface from inception to development and delivery, working closely with an agile team.Responsibilities Executes designing, coding, debugging, and unit testing of software products. Participates in all Scrum ceremonies. Works with other departments to participate in specification, design, code, and test reviews. Evaluates problems to develop solutions relating to computer software. Contributes to the enhancement of software development procedure. Improves existing programs by analyzing and identifying areas for alteration. Creates and presents findings, solutions, and demos. Adheres to all policies and procedures. Performs other duties as assigned.Qualifications Must be legally authorized to work in the U.S. Must work within the U.S. 3 years of professional work experience in the listed requirementsRequirements Proficiency in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, as well as experience with React and its ecosystem (Redux, React Router, etc.). Experience working with .NET APIs using tools like Axios, Fetch, or the built-in fetch API to make HTTP requests and handle responses. Familiarity with the .NET ecosystem, including ASP.NET, C#, and Visual Studio. UI - React 18, Material UI, File based routing Routing - React Router (Data APIs) Data Fetching - fetch, React Router's loader/action Authentication - oidc-client-ts Feature flags - Optimizely React SDK Testing - Vitest, Playwright Linting - ESLint, Prettier Understanding of RESTful API design and ability to work with JSON data structures. Ability to create and implement responsive web designs using CSS frameworks like Bootstrap or Material UI. Understanding of Git version control and experience working with Git workflows (e.g. feature branching, pull requests). Ability to work with design tools like Sketch, Adobe XD, or Figma to create and implement designs. Knowledge of accessibility best practices and experience implementing accessible web interfaces. Strong problem-solving skills and ability to debug complex issues. Familiarity with Agile methodologies and ability to work in a collaborative team environment.Information Remote position within the U.S. Project is based out of Modesto, CA OtterSoft does not provide sponsorship (H1B)Job Type: Full-timePay: $84,000.00 - $112,000.00 per yearBenefits: 401(k) Dental insurance Employee discount Flexible schedule Flexible spending account Health insurance Health savings account Life insurance Paid time off Professional development assistance Referral program Vision insuranceExperience level: 3 yearsSchedule: Monday to FridayApplication Question(s): Do you now, or in the future, require Visa sponsorship? Are you currently working through an employer who is providing Visa sponsorship?Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience: Front-end development: 3 years (Required) React: 3 years (Required) JavaScript: 3 years (Required) APIs: 3 years (Required)Work Location: Remote Must be legally authorized to work in the U.S Must work within the U.S 3 years of professional work experience in the listed requirements Proficiency in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, as well as experience with React and its ecosystem (Redux, React Router, etc.) Experience working with .NET APIs using tools like Axios, Fetch, or the built-in fetch API to make HTTP requests and handle responses Familiarity with the .NET ecosystem, including ASP.NET, C#, and Visual Studio UI - React 18, Material UI, File based routing Routing - React Router (Data APIs) Feature flags - Optimizely React SDK Testing - Vitest, Playwright Linting - ESLint, Prettier Understanding of RESTful API design and ability to work with JSON data structures Ability to create and implement responsive web designs using CSS frameworks like Bootstrap or Material UI Understanding of Git version control and experience working with Git workflows (e.g. feature branching, pull requests) Ability to work with design tools like Sketch, Adobe XD, or Figma to create and implement designs Knowledge of accessibility best practices and experience implementing accessible web interfaces Strong problem-solving skills and ability to debug complex issues Familiarity with Agile methodologies and ability to work in a collaborative team environment Front-end development: 3 years (Required) React: 3 years (Required) JavaScript: 3 years (Required) APIs: 3 years (Required) With the supervision of the Lead Software Developer, this position will be responsible for writing code to generate web pages, access databases, and business logic servers; Work with designers and content producers to test and document software for websites; Write, modify, and debug software for websites; Contribute to the User Interface from inception to development and delivery, working closely with an agile team Executes designing, coding, debugging, and unit testing of software products Participates in all Scrum ceremonies Works with other departments to participate in specification, design, code, and test reviews Evaluates problems to develop solutions relating to computer software Contributes to the enhancement of software development procedure Improves existing programs by analyzing and identifying areas for alteration Creates and presents findings, solutions, and demos Adheres to all policies and procedures Performs other duties as assigned Pay: $84,000.00 - $112,000.00 per year 401(k) Dental insurance Employee discount Flexible schedule Flexible spending account Health insurance Health savings account Life insurance Paid time off Professional development assistance Referral program Vision insurance 