Aptive has been setting the standard for direct-to-home services technology for nearly 7 years and we continue to lead innovation in an industry that provides services to hundreds of thousands of residents across the United States. Aptives Software Engineers are relied on to build the future of our direct-to-home service delivery platform.$120-$140k annually...What we offer: Group Health, Dental, and Vision plans Pet insurance, Life insurance, and EAP benefits 401K with employer match Paid holidays and paid time off Opportunity for advancement Upbeat and exciting company culture and much more!Responsibilities: Designing and building mobile applications for Apples iOS platform. Collaborating with the design team to define app features. Ensuring quality and performance of the application to specifications. Identifying potential problems and resolving application bottlenecks. Fixing application bugs before the final release. Publishing application on App Store. Maintaining the code and atomization of the application. Designing and implementing application updates.Required Qualifications: 5-7+ years of proven experience as an app developer. Proficient in Objective-C, Swift, and Cocoa Touch. Extensive experience with iOS Frameworks such as Core Data and Core Animation. Knowledge of iOS back-end services. Knowledge of Apples design principles and application interface guidelines. Proficient in code versioning tools including Mercurial, Git, and SVN. Knowledge of C-based libraries. Familiarity with push notifications, APIs, and cloud messaging. Experience with continuous integration.Aptive Environmental:Aptive Environmental provides environmentally responsible residential and commercial pest services to more than 5,000 cities across North America. Co-founded in 2015 by Vess Pearson and David Royce, Aptive launched with the clear intention to grow as a world-recognized brand.In 2021, Aptive was included in Inc. Magazines Best in Business list of companies that made the biggest impact. Aptive is also featured on Glassdoor's 2019 list of Top 100 US workplaces and is ranked one of Entrepreneur Magazine's Best Companies in America. We are a proud member of the EPA's Pesticide Environmental Stewardship Program and have partnered with the United Nations Foundation "Nothing But Nets" to help stop the spread of Malaria transmitted by mosquito bites.Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties, or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities, and activities may change at any time with or without notice. If you require reasonable accommodation in completing this application, interviewing, completing any pre-employment testing, or otherwise participating in the employee selection process, please inform your recruiter.#LI-MW 5-7+ years of proven experience as an app developer Proficient in Objective-C, Swift, and Cocoa Touch Extensive experience with iOS Frameworks such as Core Data and Core Animation Knowledge of iOS back-end services Knowledge of Apples design principles and application interface guidelines Proficient in code versioning tools including Mercurial, Git, and SVN Knowledge of C-based libraries Familiarity with push notifications, APIs, and cloud messaging Experience with continuous integration Designing and building mobile applications for Apples iOS platform Collaborating with the design team to define app features Ensuring quality and performance of the application to specifications Identifying potential problems and resolving application bottlenecks Fixing application bugs before the final release Publishing application on App Store Maintaining the code and atomization of the application Designing and implementing application updates $120-$140k annually Group Health, Dental, and Vision plans Pet insurance, Life insurance, and EAP benefits 401K with employer match Paid holidays and paid time off Opportunity for advancement Upbeat and exciting company culture and much more! 