Req ID: 238697NTT DATA Services strives to hire exceptional, innovative and passionate individuals who want to grow with us. If you want to be part of an inclusive, adaptable, and forward-thinking organization, apply now...We are currently seeking a Sr iOS Developer to join our team in Irving, Texas (US-TX), United States (US).Job Duties and Responsibilities: Collaborate with Project Manager or Project Consultant to develop front end of mobile and web application! Design and build advanced applications for the iOS platform. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features. Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability. Work on bug fixing and improving application performance. Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency. A deep familiarity with Objective-C and Cocoa Touch Experience working with iOS frameworks such as Core Data, Core Animation, Core Graphics and Core Text Experience with third-party libraries and APIs Solid understanding of the full mobile development life cycle Good knowledge of Setting up UI, create reusable components, iOS design architectures. Good knowledge on debugging existing code and code triaging.Basic Qualifications: Minimum 5 years' experience in software development Minimum 5 years' experience in Swift and iOS development#INDFSINS#INDAPPSAbout NTT DATA ServicesNTT DATA Services is a global business and IT services provider specializing in digital, cloud and automation across a comprehensive portfolio of consulting, applications, infrastructure and business process services. We are part of the NTT family of companies, a partner to 85 % of the Fortune 100.NTT DATA Services is an equal opportunity employer and considers all applicants without regarding to race, color, religion, citizenship, national origin, ancestry, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, physical or mental disability, veteran or marital status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment for all employees. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter so that we may connect you with the appropriate team.Nearest Major Market: IrvingNearest Secondary Market: DallasJob Segment: Cloud, Developer, Testing, Consulting, Programmer, Technology Experience working with iOS frameworks such as Core Data, Core Animation, Core Graphics and Core Text Minimum 5 years' experience in Swift and iOS development Collaborate with Project Manager or Project Consultant to develop front end of mobile and web application! Design and build advanced applications for the iOS platform Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability Work on bug fixing and improving application performance Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency A deep familiarity with Objective-C and Cocoa Touch Solid understanding of the full mobile development life cycle Good knowledge of Setting up UI, create reusable components, iOS design architectures Good knowledge on debugging existing code and code triaging 