Responsibilities Develop high quality, consumer-grade features on iOS and watchOS. Ensure the performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications... Collaborate with team to define, design, and ship new features. Continuously seek to improve application performance and code stability. Utilize standards and methodologies to maintain code quality and organization. Assist with Sprint planning and organization.Qualifications Strong programming experience with Swift and Cocoa. Proficient in Object-oriented programming, along with Objective-C. Knowledge of iOS runtime, pre- and post-ARC, Xcode and OS X tooling. Understanding of memory management, multi-threading and concurrency. Experience working with data exchange and persistence, including Core Data. Experience integrating with REST APIs and cloud services. Experience with automated testing and unit tests. Exposure to or interest with Core ML, HealthKit or related technologies. Familiarity with Git, CI/CD, versioning and release management. Experience publishing production apps to the Apple App Store. Working knowledge of Scrum, KanBan and/or Agile principles and practice. Excellent communication skills in working with globally distributed teams.Note: Only Local candidates are preferred.Senior iOS Developer Strong programming experience with Swift and Cocoa Proficient in Object-oriented programming, along with Objective-C Knowledge of iOS runtime, pre- and post-ARC, Xcode and OS X tooling Understanding of memory management, multi-threading and concurrency Experience working with data exchange and persistence, including Core Data Experience integrating with REST APIs and cloud services Experience with automated testing and unit tests Exposure to or interest with Core ML, HealthKit or related technologies Familiarity with Git, CI/CD, versioning and release management Experience publishing production apps to the Apple App Store Working knowledge of Scrum, KanBan and/or Agile principles and practice Senior iOS Developer Develop high quality, consumer-grade features on iOS and watch Ensure the performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications Collaborate with team to define, design, and ship new features Continuously seek to improve application performance and code stability Utilize standards and methodologies to maintain code quality and organization Assist with Sprint planning and organization 