Top 3 Skills: Customer service iOS Developer support experience... Communication skillsThe Mobile Developer will be responsible for design, development, and delivery of Ally native iOS mobile applications. The candidate must exhibit strong interpersonal and communication skills. The candidate must have experience interfacing with product owners as well as internal and external technical teams and resources. Agile development experience is preferred.The role requires native mobile development experience with iOS universal applications and Apple watch. Strong technical knowledge, coupled with indepth experience working with REST services, is required.The ideal candidate would have 3-5 years experience developing iOS native mobile applications. Experience in a financial services environment is a plus.Primary responsibilities: Participate as a member of a mobile development scrum team. Become a subject matter expert in the Ally mobile channel. Partner with solution architects to leverage industry best practices to design and deliver high quality mobile applications. Escalate issues to senior management early, before they create significant impact to a project/release. Review and approve all mid-level design documentation. Ensure that detail design documentation is competed, reviewed, and approved, as required. Conduct or participate in code review sessions to ensure quality and performance. Support the system integration and user acceptance testing resources. Provide timely defect analysis, remediation, and reporting. Review security testing reports/results and remediate potential vulnerabilities in a timely manner. Stay abreast of emerging technologies or trends that could impact the mobile channel.Mandatory Skills: Design, develop and implement cohesive, highly-usable features and improvements to our existing native iOS applications. Design and develop new native mobile applications, as required. Experience with performance and memory tuning tools. Experience in implementing unit tests. Proficient understanding of code versioning tools such as GIT. Strong knowledge of Objective-C, Swift, iOS SDK/Frameworks, REST APIs, JSON. 3+ years of experience designing and developing iOS native mobile applications. Minimum one year experience working with SCRUM or Agile development environment is preferred. Experience translating product requirements into design specifications. Debugging and problem solving skills. Understanding of MVC and MVVM development pattern. Ensure quality software is delivered with minimal defects and no go live critical issues. Knowledgeable of unit and automation testing tools Work directly with Architects and Product Managers to ensure quality solutions for all projects are being successfully delivered on time. BS in computer science or related area iOS Developer support experience The candidate must exhibit strong interpersonal and communication skills The candidate must have experience interfacing with product owners as well as internal and external technical teams and resources The role requires native mobile development experience with iOS universal applications and Apple watch Strong technical knowledge, coupled with indepth experience working with REST services, is required The ideal candidate would have 3-5 years experience developing iOS native mobile applications Design, develop and implement cohesive, highly-usable features and improvements to our existing native iOS applications Design and develop new native mobile applications, as required Experience with performance and memory tuning tools Experience in implementing unit tests Proficient understanding of code versioning tools such as GIT Strong knowledge of Objective-C, Swift, iOS SDK/Frameworks, REST APIs, JSON 3+ years of experience designing and developing iOS native mobile applications Experience translating product requirements into design specifications Debugging and problem solving skills Understanding of MVC and MVVM development pattern Ensure quality software is delivered with minimal defects and no go live critical issues Knowledgeable of unit and automation testing tools BS in computer science or related area Participate as a member of a mobile development scrum team Become a subject matter expert in the Ally mobile channel Partner with solution architects to leverage industry best practices to design and deliver high quality mobile applications Escalate issues to senior management early, before they create significant impact to a project/release Review and approve all mid-level design documentation Ensure that detail design documentation is competed, reviewed, and approved, as required Conduct or participate in code review sessions to ensure quality and performance Support the system integration and user acceptance testing resources Provide timely defect analysis, remediation, and reporting Review security testing reports/results and remediate potential vulnerabilities in a timely manner Stay abreast of emerging technologies or trends that could impact the mobile channel 