VDart Inc is the leading global provider of digital solutions, products and talent management company providing digital technology solutions in Automotive, Manufacturing, Energy & Utilities and Healthcare Industries. Led by a strong global team located across 10 countries including USA, Canada, Mexico, Brazil, UK, Japan, Australia & India. We are currently accepting applications from staffing... firms for our Preferred Partner Program, where we align niche staffing firms with specific verticals based on their strengths. To apply, please visit: ;/p>Lead iOS DeveloperLocation: Plano, TXDuration: Long Term ContractRoles & Responsibilities: 10+ years of hands-on experience developing iOS/Mobile applications. Has participated in full app life cycle: concept, design, build, test and release to app store. Experience in designing, architecting or working on a large scalable app from start is a plus Strong experience with iOS development using objective c and Swift. Understanding and experience using various design patterns in mobile application architecture Experience developing universal applications Experience with multithreading, memory management and caching mechanisms Experience with security aspects of mobile applications Experience in designing, architecting or working on a large scalable app from start is a plus Understanding and experience using various design patterns in mobile application architecture Experience developing universal applications Experience with multithreading, memory management and caching mechanisms Experience with security aspects of mobile applications Passion for analyzing and improving runtime efficiency and memory footprint. Excellent problem solving, critical thinking, and communication skills. Experience releasing multiple applications into the App Store. Released at least one app participating from inception to launch. Strong foundation in computer science, data structures, algorithms and software design. Deep understanding of iOS Platform and associated tool chain. Excellent knowledge of Swift 3/4, Objective-C, Xcode and Interface Builder. Experience working with and tuning high volume mobile applications. Experience integrating with RESTful API backends. Experience leading iOS developKey Skills: iOS/Mobile applications, Swift, RESTful API, iOS developmentReferral Program: Ask our recruiting team about how you can be a part of our referral program. If you refer a candidate with the desired qualifications and your candidate accepts the role, you can earn a generous referral fee. We want to hire the best talent available and are committed to building great teams and partnerships.We are Equal Employment Opportunity Employer.VDart IncAlpharetta, GAFollow us on Twitter for the hottest positions: @VDart_JobsFollow us on Twitter: @vdartinc 10+ years of hands-on experience developing iOS/Mobile applications Has participated in full app life cycle: concept, design, build, test and release to app store Strong experience with iOS development using objective c and Swift Understanding and experience using various design patterns in mobile application architecture Experience with multithreading, memory management and caching mechanisms Experience with security aspects of mobile applications Passion for analyzing and improving runtime efficiency and memory footprint Excellent problem solving, critical thinking, and communication skills Experience releasing multiple applications into the App Store Released at least one app participating from inception to launch Strong foundation in computer science, data structures, algorithms and software design Deep understanding of iOS Platform and associated tool chain Excellent knowledge of Swift 3/4, Objective-C, Xcode and Interface Builder Experience working with and tuning high volume mobile applications Experience integrating with RESTful API backends Experience leading iOS develop Key Skills: iOS/Mobile applications, Swift, RESTful API, iOS development 