Digital Non-Acquisition - Web Mobile iOS Developer III6801 S Cimarron Rd, Las Vegas, NV 89113, USA Req #2306Tuesday, May 2, 2023...Position SummaryWe are looking for a customer-centric Mobile App iOS Developer. As a contributing member of the Digital Experience and Engineering team, the Mobile Developer will play a key role in the ongoing development of our flagship Credit One Bank Mobile App on the IOS platform.Essential Job Functions: Design and build iOS SDK frameworks to consume external services, data persistence, logging, and performance tooling. Show a strong understanding of iOS design principles. Explain knowledge of iOS frameworks such as Core Data, Animation, Graphics, and Text Design, develop, and maintain high-performance and scalable IOS mobile applications. Help maintain code quality, organization, and automatization with knowledge of Cocoa pods or other dependencies/package management systems. Responsible for the entire app development process, from concept to launch. Work closely with cross-functional teams to create and implement in a distributed team environment spanning multiple time zones. Collaborate with a team to define, design, and create new iOS features. Identify and correct bottlenecks and fix bugs in Automated Testing (Xctest). Expertise in iOS tools, frameworks, and Reactive Programming. Establish contributions to customer-facing applications released on the Apple store. Ensure performance and turn product requirements into solid engineering plans. Explain a deeper understanding of CI/CD frameworks for iOS to improve developer productivity. Expertise with WatchOS and Widgets implementation best practices along with experience with developing WatchOS and Widget extensions to native iOS Mobile App. Help maintain security controls, session management, data encryption, and keychain management with native iOS Mobile App. Perform other duties as assigned.Position Requirements: Bachelor's degree in computer science, engineering, or a related subject 4+ years of Design and Development experience building customer facing Mobile Applications at scale for large enterprises. 4+ years of experience working with design teams to translate UX design concepts into working prototypes. 5+ years of experience developing mobile applications on iOS using Swift (Knowledge of SwiftUI is a plus) Demonstrable experience working with Customer Identity and Access Management systems (CIAM) from a Mobile App construct (e.g., Okta) Experience integrating conversational AI platforms (e.g., Live Person, Amazon Lex etc.) from native mobile applications. Familiarity of Firebase, Airship, and Glassbox SDKs Must have experience with any CMS integration with native mobile applications preferably Contentful or Adobe AEM. Familiar with standard software engineering methodology such as unit testing, code reviews, design documentationCredit One Bank, N.A. is a data-driven financial services company based in Las Vegas. Founded in 1984, Credit One Bank offers a spectrum of credit card products for people in all stages of financial life. Credit One Bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion and does not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of age, race, religion, color, disability, sex, sexual orientation, or national origin. Reasonable accommodations can be made for those who require them, including access to job applications and workplace accommodations. Please contact the recruiter for this position to learn more. Credit One Bank does not accept unsolicited resumes from agencies and is not responsible for related fees.Other details Job Family P3 - Senior Professional Pay Type SalaryApply Now Bachelor's degree in computer science, engineering, or a related subject 4+ years of Design and Development experience building customer facing Mobile Applications at scale for large enterprises 4+ years of experience working with design teams to translate UX design concepts into working prototypes Demonstrable experience working with Customer Identity and Access Management systems (CIAM) from a Mobile App construct (e.g., Okta) Experience integrating conversational AI platforms (e.g., Live Person, Amazon Lex etc.) from native mobile applications Familiarity of Firebase, Airship, and Glassbox SDKs Must have experience with any CMS integration with native mobile applications preferably Contentful or Adobe AEM Familiar with standard software engineering methodology such as unit testing, code reviews, design documentation Design and build iOS SDK frameworks to consume external services, data persistence, logging, and performance tooling Show a strong understanding of iOS design principles Design, develop, and maintain high-performance and scalable IOS mobile applications Help maintain code quality, organization, and automatization with knowledge of Cocoa pods or other dependencies/package management systems Responsible for the entire app development process, from concept to launch Work closely with cross-functional teams to create and implement in a distributed team environment spanning multiple time zones Collaborate with a team to define, design, and create new iOS features Identify and correct bottlenecks and fix bugs in Automated Testing (Xctest) Expertise in iOS tools, frameworks, and Reactive Programming Establish contributions to customer-facing applications released on the Apple store Ensure performance and turn product requirements into solid engineering plans Explain a deeper understanding of CI/CD frameworks for iOS to improve developer productivity Help maintain security controls, session management, data encryption, and keychain management with native iOS Mobile App Perform other duties as assigned 