Who we areWe're building a prayer and meditation app. One that is authentically Christian and Catholic, while at the same time a resource for anyone looking to grow deeper in a relationship with God. We believe that people are hungry for peace, and that there is no surer way to find it than by learning to sit in silence with Christ: Come to me, all you that are weary and are carrying heavy... burdens, and I will give you rest (Mt 11:28).Our goal is to build something truly great. Something that combines the beauty of the Churchs spirituality with world-class product and content execution.We launched the app in December of 2018 and have been blown away with the incredible growth & traction. Hallow has been downloaded over 10 million times with over 200,000 5-star reviews. We're blessed to be backed by some of the best mission-driven investors in the world and are excited to build out the team to help a lot more folks grow closer to God.We are a startup. We move quickly and take big swings. We are a small and fast moving team and each person is responsible for making an impact. It is hard work, but also deeply meaningful. Wed be honored & humbled if youd consider joining us.Tldr: We are scaling up our dev team and looking for someone who help code the iOS version of the app (in Swift).What You'll Do Build the app: Build a best-in-class native Swift mobile app to help our users pray and meditate around the world Build out the product: Work closely within a product pod alongside other developers and designers in an agile environment to implement designs, interfaces, and animations into our app Collaborate: Participate in design and code reviews, working closely with other devs. Optimize: Architect frameworks for allowing A/B testing of content, fine-tune media streaming to enable our content to be accessible worldwideWhat You'll Love Mission: This work is incredibly humbling. Everyday we hear amazing stories and we get the pleasure of working on something thats impacting lives. One of our favorite user quotes: I hate quoting an old, overused cliche, but Ive been very lost. And I think for the first time in a while I may be found. Ownership: When a company is this small, every employee is a core team member with an outsized impact. You'll own the entire codebase for your vertical within a product pod from start to finish. Growth: From day 1, youll be a part of the startup journey. We went from less than 10 to over 60 in the past 2 years, and well need your help to create a world-class team and get individuals praying in more countries around the world. Flexibility: We operate as a remote first team with members all over the globe. We dont care when or where you work just that it gets done! That being said, our HQ is in Chicago and if in person work is something you are interested in we'd love to have you there! Comp: We will pay competitive market rates both in terms of equity, cash, & benefits.What We're Looking For Passion: First and foremost, were looking for someone excited and passionate about our mission. It makes it a lot more fun to actually care about what youre working on! Experience: A foundation of 2+ years of experience in Swift and iOS development in general; experience working on other apps that use MediaPlayer or media streaming; an attention for detail with regards to design and crafting user interfaces; knowledge of application architecture and design; experience building reactive applications that interact with live content Bonus, but not required: experience with CarPlay or WatchOS Grit & Detail-Oriented: We really care about what were doing & try to build as fast as we can. Since were guided meditation and competing with some large players in the market (Calm, Headspace), we have to stand out. Everything we do, say, send, or spend money on should be top-notch quality and set Hallow apart as the best.We are honored that you'd consider joining the team and look forward to connecting with you.Best,Alex at HallowCEO & Co-Founder Experience: A foundation of 2+ years of experience in Swift and iOS development in general; experience working on other apps that use MediaPlayer or media streaming; an attention for detail with regards to design and crafting user interfaces; knowledge of application architecture and design; experience building reactive applications that interact with live content Bonus, but not required: experience with CarPlay or WatchOS Build the app: Build a best-in-class native Swift mobile app to help our users pray and meditate around the world Build out the product: Work closely within a product pod alongside other developers and designers in an agile environment to implement designs, interfaces, and animations into our app Collaborate: Participate in design and code reviews, working closely with other devs Optimize: Architect frameworks for allowing A/B testing of content, fine-tune media streaming to enable our content to be accessible worldwide Growth: From day 1, youll be a part of the startup journey Comp: We will pay competitive market rates both in terms of equity, cash, & benefits 