Foxbox Digital is an award-winning digital product agency, headquartered in Chicago. We partner with clients ranging from start-ups to mid-sized businesses and everyone in between to design, develop, and deliver successful digital experiences.We're a remote-first team of associates located in the United States and LATAM regions. Our mission is rooted in continuously engaging and assembling... tech-enthusiasts together to build our global team.SummaryThe iOS Developer is responsible for bringing creativity and agility to make an immediate impact to help Foxbox build beautiful products. This is a collaborative role responsible for developing and maintaining scalable iOS applications using Swift and other modern iOS technology. The iOS Developer is motivated to participate in working closely with team members to positively impact our clients every day writing clear documents, ruthlessly prioritizing, presenting information and data to clients, and explaining what is going on to other team members in different roles.Responsibilities Develop and maintain iOS applications using Swift and other modern iOS technologies as a service. Write clean, maintainable, and testable code. Collaborate with designers, product owners, and other developers to ensure high-quality product delivery by applying knowledge about the client to prioritize work and take action to solve problems. Participate in code reviews, design reviews, and architecture discussions, actively soliciting feedback in order to improve relationships and capability. Create unit tests and perform integration testing to ensure high code quality bringing value to the client experience. Optimize iOS applications for performance and scalability. Stay up-to-date with the latest iOS development trends and technologies to suggest ways to improve engagement with the client and team members. Engages client and internal stakeholders using appropriate communication methods and questioning to achieve desired outcomes. Participate in daily and weekly client and project meetings to understand and respond to changing requirements. Identifies opportunities to collaborate with other team members across Foxbox. Log billable and non-billable hours daily to accurately bill clients for work performed. You have a Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or related field You have 3+ years of experience in developing iOS applications using Swift and modern iOS frameworks such as SwiftUI or UIKit. You have a strong understanding of iOS development principles, including mobile architecture patterns and - Human Interface Guidelines. You have experience with modern mobile frameworks such as React Native or Flutter is a plus. You have the ability to create unit tests and perform integration testing. You have strong problem-solving skills and attention to detail. You have excellent written and verbal communication skills. You have the ability to work independently and as part of a team. Familiarity with agile software development methodologies. Experience with Kotlin is a plus. Experience with Objective C is a plus.Technologies we use: Backend: Node.js / Python / NodeJS / Go / Ruby / Java / .Net / Elixir / React Native Frontend: Javascript / React.js / Vue.js / React Native Mobile: Android / iOSWhy Foxbox Digital: We offer continuous training and growth opportunities You are part of a multicultural and collaborative team that is constantly growing. Dont be afraid to break things; we encourage risk-takers.Diversity and InclusionFoxbox Digital is an LGBT company certified by the Illinois and National LGBT Chambers of Commerce. We are committed to working with diverse and inclusive teams to continue building the digital revolution.Foxbox is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all and team members with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Foxbox are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Foxbox will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Foxbox encourages applicants of all ages You have a Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or related field You have 3+ years of experience in developing iOS applications using Swift and modern iOS frameworks such as SwiftUI or UIKit You have a strong understanding of iOS development principles, including mobile architecture patterns and - Human Interface Guidelines You have the ability to create unit tests and perform integration testing You have strong problem-solving skills and attention to detail You have excellent written and verbal communication skills You have the ability to work independently and as part of a team Familiarity with agile software development methodologies Backend: Node.js / Python / NodeJS / Go / Ruby / Java / .Net / Elixir / React Native Frontend: Javascript / React.js / Vue.js / React Native Mobile: Android / iOS The iOS Developer is responsible for bringing creativity and agility to make an immediate impact to help Foxbox build beautiful products This is a collaborative role responsible for developing and maintaining scalable iOS applications using Swift and other modern iOS technology The iOS Developer is motivated to participate in working closely with team members to positively impact our clients every day writing clear documents, ruthlessly prioritizing, presenting information and data to clients, and explaining what is going on to other team members in different roles Write clean, maintainable, and testable code Collaborate with designers, product owners, and other developers to ensure high-quality product delivery by applying knowledge about the client to prioritize work and take action to solve problems Participate in code reviews, design reviews, and architecture discussions, actively soliciting feedback in order to improve relationships and capability Create unit tests and perform integration testing to ensure high code quality bringing value to the client experience Optimize iOS applications for performance and scalability Stay up-to-date with the latest iOS development trends and technologies to suggest ways to improve engagement with the client and team members Engages client and internal stakeholders using appropriate communication methods and questioning to achieve desired outcomes Participate in daily and weekly client and project meetings to understand and respond to changing requirements Identifies opportunities to collaborate with other team members across Foxbox Log billable and non-billable hours daily to accurately bill clients for work performed We offer continuous training and growth opportunities 