Are you up for the challenge? Do you want free money in your 401k? Do you want job security and a company that invests in you? You need to check us out! In this exciting role you will work with real-time data and create tools using cutting-edge visualization, development, and analytic technologies. ALONG WITH COMPETITIVE SALARIES AND OUR COMPREHENSIVE BENEFITS, WE OFFER: Employee Performance... Incentives Ongoing Training Opportunities Boeing Employee Discount Program Health Insurance Opt-out Incentives Generous 401k Contribution  10% contribution (NOT A MATCH) Student Debt Payoff Up to $30k Tuition Assistance HSA Contributions Professional Development Program Every day, Boeing Intelligence & Analytics supports global missions by building and delivering intelligence, analytics, and cyber solutions that enable users to advance national security. We have provided our customers with the tools needed to counter the evolving global and cyber threats, and to improve wartime decision making. Our talented employees bring software development, systems engineering, and advanced analytics expertise. We offer numerous prime contract opportunities with customers headquartered in Maryland, Virginia, and the District of Columbia, as well as subcontract opportunities that align with our areas of focus and additional opportunities nationwide through our parent company. What you will do (day in the life):Work on a critical knowledge sharing tool for the customer with real world applications. The tool that the team works on is high-visibility and enables collaboration across multiple partners as it is used in the day-to-day mission, throughout the customer and across the broader Intelligence Community (IC). Your work will enable data to be updated and shared in real-time and will help drive more informed and timely decisions in matters of national security. Boeing Intelligence & Analytics (BI&A) is seeking a Frontend Software Engineer to join the development team on the DO program. Specifically seeking front-end developers Responsible for website design/layout, images, content, buttons, navigation, and internal links. Responsible for verifying that a website's visual front end is free of errors and looks exactly as designed. Implementation must support multiple browser types and versions, be 508 compliant and perform for bandwidth disadvantaged users. Work Location:Herdon, VA or Reston, VA onsite. Some potential flexibility for Annapolis Junction, MD.Telework Availability: none. A Frontend Software Engineer on this team: Designs, develops, documents, tests and debugs applications software and systems that contain logical and mathematical solutions. Conducts multidisciplinary research and collaborates with equipment designers and/or hardware engineers in the planning, design, development, and utilization of electronic data processing systems for product and commercial software. Determines computer user needs; analyzes system capabilities to resolve problems on program intent, output requirements, input data acquisition, programming techniques and controls; prepares operating instructions; designs and develops compilers and assemblers, utility programs, and operating systems. Ensures software standards are met. Analyzes user needs and software requirements to determine feasibility of design within time and cost constraints. Confers with systems analysts, engineers, programmers, and others to design system and to obtain information on project limitations and capabilities, performance requirements and interfaces. Designs, develops, and modifies software systems, using scientific analysis and mathematical models to predict and measure outcomes and consequences of design. Coordinates software system installations and monitors equipment functioning to ensure specifications are met. Required Experience: Active TS/SCI with polygraph Full time work in a SCIF is required, but hours are flexible Requires Bachelor's degree in related field of study with 8 or more years of experience. Additional experience may be considered in lieu of degree. Experience with Javascript, Jquery, Angular, Bootstrap or some other UI framework Spring Boot, Java Building prototypes in HTML or PowerPoint Strong troubleshooting skills Ability to work in a fast-paced, Agile environment Desired Experience: OpenShift, Keycloak, Wildfly Material-UI Jenkins, Git, Artifactory, CI/CD pipelines Automated testing (JMeter, Selenium, Robot Framework) Security+ or other IAT II/III level certification that is currently active AWS experience STIG hardening Required Education: Bachelor's degree in computer science, software engineering or field applicable to the position required. 8 or more years of relevant experience required. Additional experience may be considered in lieu of degree. Boeing Intelligence & Analytics Benefits:Employees are more effective on the job when they are not distracted by health and financial worries. To support our workforce, we offer a wide variety of health, life and other insurance benefits (as described above) that allow each employee to choose the coverage best suited to their needs and the needs of their family. BI&A is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law (PDF Required Experience: Active TS/SCI with polygraph Full time work in a SCIF is required, but hours are flexible Requires Bachelor's degree in related field of study with 8 or more years of experience Additional experience may be considered in lieu of degree What you will do (day in the life):Work on a critical knowledge sharing tool for the customer with real world applications The tool that the team works on is high-visibility and enables collaboration across multiple partners as it is used in the day-to-day mission, throughout the customer and across the broader Intelligence Community (IC) Specifically seeking front-end developers Responsible for website design/layout, images, content, buttons, navigation, and internal links Responsible for verifying that a website's visual front end is free of errors and looks exactly as designed Conducts multidisciplinary research and collaborates with equipment designers and/or hardware engineers in the planning, design, development, and utilization of electronic data processing systems for product and commercial software Determines computer user needs; analyzes system capabilities to resolve problems on program intent, output requirements, input data acquisition, programming techniques and controls; prepares operating instructions; designs and develops compilers and assemblers, utility programs, and operating systems Ensures software standards are met Analyzes user needs and software requirements to determine feasibility of design within time and cost constraints Confers with systems analysts, engineers, programmers, and others to design system and to obtain information on project limitations and capabilities, performance requirements and interfaces Designs, develops, and modifies software systems, using scientific analysis and mathematical models to predict and measure outcomes and consequences of design Coordinates software system installations and monitors equipment functioning to ensure specifications are met ALONG WITH COMPETITIVE SALARIES AND OUR COMPREHENSIVE BENEFITS, WE OFFER: Employee Performance Incentives Ongoing Training Opportunities Boeing Employee Discount Program Health Insurance Opt-out Incentives Generous 401k Contribution  10% contribution (NOT A MATCH) Student Debt Payoff Up to $30k Tuition Assistance HSA Contributions Professional Development Program Every day, Boeing Intelligence & Analytics supports global missions by building and delivering intelligence, analytics, and cyber solutions that enable users to advance national security 