We are Multiverse, a tech scaleup with a social mission. Were creating a diverse group of future leaders by building an outstanding alternative to college and corporate training.In June 2022, we announced our $220m Series D raise, making Multiverse a mission-driven unicorn. This funding will help us to accelerate our growth in the US, where were committed to tackling the toughest challenges... facing those who seek jobs - and those who provide them.In our first year in the US, we launched over 20 apprentice cohorts at some of the best companies in America, including the likes of Verizon, Visa, Cisco and Box. Globally, we work with over 500 clients and weve been recognized as one of the fastest-growing businesses in Europe.Join us on our journey to democratizing access to the best careers and learning opportunities.The OpportunityAs a Bootcamp Instructor, you will be responsible for delivering our Software Engineering curriculum, working with highly engaged individuals as they accelerate their careers in software engineering.Overview of the Software Engineering Bootcamp Instructor:The Software Engineering Bootcamp Instructor will deliver dynamic technical instruction via lecture and small group exercises for a 12-week bootcamp, setting apprentices up for success as they begin their entry-level software engineering and web development roles.The Bootcamp Instructor is provided with curricular materials to execute at a high level of accuracy and engagement covering the different facets of software engineering such as Object-Oriented Programming, the Software Lifecycle, APIs, and Web Accessibility.Specifically, you will: Have strong knowledge of full stack software engineering. Particularly, JavaScript, Node, React, and SQL. Proficiencies in other languages (e.g, Java, Python) are a plus. Have the ability to write, edit and debug code in real time. Have 1-2 years of professional experience using these skills (whether in teaching or a full-time role or consultancy/freelance projects). Be passionate about developing others and love the detail of developing an effective learning experience. Believe in the principles of applied learning: its all about developing the knowledge, skills, and behaviors in a way that can be used in a real context, immediately. Believe passionately in economic and social mobility and the development of talent across all backgrounds. Have the ability and desire to teach remotely when provided with all necessary technology (laptop, second screen, headset, etc). Be a people-first leader and are excited to continually iterate on what you deliver to our apprentices in an environment that evolves with our business growth.General Responsibilities of the Software Engineering Bootcamp Instructor: Build a vibrant community of people from many backgrounds and ensure a motivating and supportive virtual environment. Take full responsibility for the progress that your cohorts of young people make through their apprenticeship. You are a strong communicator, an independent problem solver, flexible and resilient with a strong sense of accountability and follow-through; our program content and structure may change to better suit the needs of apprentices, so you must be adaptable and constantly open to iteration. Work with your apprentices managers to understand the needs of their role and how to best support their professional development. Work internally with Multiverse colleagues to ensure first class delivery and program quality. Monitor the progress of apprentices through data collection and sharing insights with the Program team and partners to facilitate the next steps in the learning journey. Help iterate and further build the program.Who you are: You have a passion for all things software engineering. You have drive, ambition, and are excited by being part of growing our US business! You might be a teacher who completed a software engineering bootcamp or certificate. You might be finishing up your bachelors or masters degree and have loved being a teaching assistant. You might be a Software Engineer who has a passion for development or wants to share your knowledge with the next generation.The base salary range for this role is $85,000 - $115,000.In alignment with our mission, we deeply believe that talent exists beyond traditional education. We encourage applicants with or without 4-year degrees to apply to this role and any others that meet their skills and interests.Multiverse currently offers the following benefits. Access to no-cost and low-cost healthcare options for Multiversers and their dependents. Get care nationally through MetLife and Aetnas provider networks. Support as your family grows! Fertility resources through a Kindbody Membership during their beta trial with Justworks. Time off to tend to your growing family with 16 weeks of continuous, fully paid parental leave for primary caregivers. Access to a 401(k) with a 4% match up capped at $5,000 per year Company sponsored One Medical membership Unlimited text based therapy with TalkSpace Monthly wellness reimbursementMultiverse currently offers the following time off types. 20 Days of PTO per calendar year Life event and volunteer days Quarterly M-Powered Days to refresh and recharge End of Year Company Shut Down Time off to take care of yourself and your loved ones including sick time, compassionate leave and short term disabilityWe are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.Multiverse requires all employees to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. We will consider requests for reasonable accommodation based on disability and/or religious beliefs on an individualized basis.Please note that while this role is fully remote within the US, we have restrictions in the following states: Hawaii, Alaska, Colorado, New Mexico, Wyoming, Montana, North Dakota, Nebraska, Minnesota, Iowa, Arkansas, or Kentucky. If you live in these states, please indicate so on the application form. Proceeding with your application suggests to us that you are open to relocation for this particular role Have strong knowledge of full stack software engineering Particularly, JavaScript, Node, React, and SQL Have the ability to write, edit and debug code in real time Have 1-2 years of professional experience using these skills (whether in teaching or a full-time role or consultancy/freelance projects) Be passionate about developing others and love the detail of developing an effective learning experience Have the ability and desire to teach remotely when provided with all necessary technology (laptop, second screen, headset, etc) You have a passion for all things software engineering You have drive, ambition, and are excited by being part of growing our US business! You might be a teacher who completed a software engineering bootcamp or certificate You might be finishing up your bachelors or masters degree and have loved being a teaching assistant You might be a Software Engineer who has a passion for development or wants to share your knowledge with the next generation The Software Engineering Bootcamp Instructor will deliver dynamic technical instruction via lecture and small group exercises for a 12-week bootcamp, setting apprentices up for success as they begin their entry-level software engineering and web development roles The Bootcamp Instructor is provided with curricular materials to execute at a high level of accuracy and engagement covering the different facets of software engineering such as Object-Oriented Programming, the Software Lifecycle, APIs, and Web Accessibility Be a people-first leader and are excited to continually iterate on what you deliver to our apprentices in an environment that evolves with our business growth Build a vibrant community of people from many backgrounds and ensure a motivating and supportive virtual environment Take full responsibility for the progress that your cohorts of young people make through their apprenticeship You are a strong communicator, an independent problem solver, flexible and resilient with a strong sense of accountability and follow-through; our program content and structure may change to better suit the needs of apprentices, so you must be adaptable and constantly open to iteration Work with your apprentices managers to understand the needs of their role and how to best support their professional development Work internally with Multiverse colleagues to ensure first class delivery and program quality Monitor the progress of apprentices through data collection and sharing insights with the Program team and partners to facilitate the next steps in the learning journey Help iterate and further build the program The base salary range for this role is $85,000 - $115,000 Access to no-cost and low-cost healthcare options for Multiversers and their dependents Get care nationally through MetLife and Aetnas provider networks Time off to tend to your growing family with 16 weeks of continuous, fully paid parental leave for primary caregivers Access to a 401(k) with a 4% match up capped at $5,000 per year Company sponsored One Medical membership Unlimited text based therapy with TalkSpace Monthly wellness reimbursement Multiverse currently offers the following time off types 20 Days of PTO per calendar year Life event and volunteer days Quarterly M-Powered Days to refresh and recharge Time off to take care of yourself and your loved ones including sick time, compassionate leave and short term disability 