Software Engineer 2Are you looking for a career with a purpose? Do you want the opportunity to be part of a company thats changing millions of lives for the better? Well, you've come to the right place. Ramsey Solutions exists to provide biblically based, commonsense education and empowerment that give HOPE to everyone in every walk of life...Our mission to change the world isn't easy. We face resistance every day because what we believe is countercultural. Were weird. We hate debt. And we cut up our credit cardslike, for real. We don't use them in our entire business. Bottom line: We dont use debtperiod. Some of us are still fighting our way out of it, but we aren't going back in.About the team:Our business to business product brings financial wellness and financial peace to employees through an employer-offered benefit. This role is focused on Ruby on Rails application development with the goal of delivering a life-changing experience to our clients and their teams.When it comes to methodology, we follow Agile methodologies, specifically Kanban. We're leveraging CI/CD, TDD, and 100% cloud (AWS) infrastructure.What Winning Looks Like: Building world-class consumer applications that can stand the test of time Collaborating with team members and customers to solve problems and create sustainable technical solutions Navigating through the benefits, trade-offs, value, and risks of technology decisions Practicing test-driven development, and creating documentation that drives clarity and simplicity Contributing to the technical growth of other developers and your team Learning new things (every day!)Skills Needed to Win: 2+ years of experience in web application developement with Ruby, Javascript, or C#/.Net frameworks. Experience building applications or services that scale and in accordance with industry best practices; a strong design mindset that helps you quickly build durable systems with quality Dedication to excellent communication across teams and with customers; understanding how to communicate clearly and in the language of the listener Ability to maintain a high standard of excellence, coupled with an accessibility and humility that make it easy for others to work with you and learn from you Experience with Agile product development (Scrum or Kanban preferred) Willingness to drive for quick value delivery to the customer while balancing quality through constant improvement over time.About Ramsey Solutions: We're a debt-free company that was founded in 1992 by Dave Ramsey. We have over 1000 team members who are 100% dedicated to our mission. We believe collaboration, innovation and a shared sense of mission come from being present with each other. That's why all of our team members work together under one roof at our headquarters in Franklin, Tennessee.And by the way, we're not stuffy or corporate around here. Here are some of the perks and benefits at Ramsey Solutions: A 401(k) match of 4% after one year as a team member (you can still contribute in the first year) Health insurance on day one with a $500 HSA match every year One fully paid workweek of ministry time after one year to volunteer for your favorite charity or nonprofit Generous PTO and paid sick time off We prioritize work-life balance and rarely exceed a 40-hour work week Weekly devotionals with world-renowned speakers, pastors and authors $300/year to put toward achieving your fitness goals Casual dress and work environmentIts a calling, and we're on a mission to change lives. Join the crusade! Apply now.Are you an experienced developer who isn't ready to apply but is interested in hearing more?Click Here to request an informal virtual coffee meeting with one of our developers!EOE, including disability/vets 2+ years of experience in web application developement with Ruby, Javascript, or C#/.Net frameworks Experience building applications or services that scale and in accordance with industry best practices; a strong design mindset that helps you quickly build durable systems with quality Dedication to excellent communication across teams and with customers; understanding how to communicate clearly and in the language of the listener Ability to maintain a high standard of excellence, coupled with an accessibility and humility that make it easy for others to work with you and learn from you Willingness to drive for quick value delivery to the customer while balancing quality through constant improvement over time Collaborating with team members and customers to solve problems and create sustainable technical solutions Navigating through the benefits, trade-offs, value, and risks of technology decisions Practicing test-driven development, and creating documentation that drives clarity and simplicity Contributing to the technical growth of other developers and your team A 401(k) match of 4% after one year as a team member (you can still contribute in the first year) Health insurance on day one with a $500 HSA match every year One fully paid workweek of ministry time after one year to volunteer for your favorite charity or nonprofit Generous PTO and paid sick time off We prioritize work-life balance and rarely exceed a 40-hour work week Weekly devotionals with world-renowned speakers, pastors and authors $300/year to put toward achieving your fitness goals Casual dress and work environment 