About BeyondTrustBeyondTrust is the worldwide leader in intelligent identity and access security, empowering organizations to protect identities, stop threats, and deliver dynamic access to empower and secure a work-from-anywhere world. Our integrated products and platform offer the industry's most advanced privileged access management (PAM) solution, enabling organizations to quickly shrink... their attack surface across traditional, cloud and hybrid environments.Learn more at www.beyondtrust.com.Job SummaryAs a Senior Software Engineer, you will be crucial in launching our new Identity Threat Detection and Response solution. You will be part of a fast-paced team designing, developing, delivering, and maintaining a cloud-based software solution utilizing modern orchestration technologies. This is a unique opportunity for you to step up as a technical leader in solving cloud-scale challenges and deliver a bar-raising ITDR system.What you will do: Design, build, and maintain highly scalable and resilient customer-facing services/orchestration for the new ITDR system. Contribute to the design of systems and provide technical leadership for projects with increasing complexity. Review functional and technical requirements to identify gaps, and limitations, propose simplifications and communicate ideas effectively with cross-functional teams. Be a bar-raiser for delivering results and taking end-to-end ownership individually and as part of a team. Relentless pursuit of high quality by leveraging engineering best practices.What skills do you need?The ideal candidate will be proficient in several of the follow skills and disciplines. Expertise with any of C#, Go, or Java. Currently developing API services and working with scalable microservices architectures. Prior experience working with public cloud providers: AWS, Google Cloud, Azure. Prior experience with containerization and container orchestration technologies such as Docker and Kubernetes. Prior experience with Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery strategies. Automated testing experience (unit, e2e, integration, smoke)What is required: 5+ years experience delivering and supporting enterprise-ready cloud-based systems. Solid Understanding of modern design patterns. Experience with full lifecycle of development, including product release in an agile environment. Experience working on an Agile team in a continuous integration and development environment.Who you are: You deliver results: you take the initiative to fix issues before being assigned to them, you are persistent when facing roadblocks, overcoming them efficiently; and you know how to coordinate with others when necessary. You take the initiative to fix issues before being assigned to them. You are persistent when facing roadblocks, overcoming them efficiently, and know how to coordinate with others when necessary. You hold high standards, continuously raise the bar, and drive our teams to deliver high-quality products, services, and processes. You understand software development best practices from appropriate testing paradigms to effective peer code reviews and resilient architectures. You know how to balance speed and risks; you make decisions based on data.Dont meet every single qualification? Studies show people are hesitant to apply if they dont meet all requirements listed in a job posting. BeyondTrust is focused on building an inclusive and diverse workplace  so if there is something slightly different about your previous experience, but it otherwise aligns and youre excited about this role, we encourage you to apply. You could be a great candidate for this or other roles on our team.BeyondTrust is an EEO/AA/Disability/Vets Employer and an equal opportunity employer, offering a competitive salary with excellent benefits. We welcome all candidate applications who meet the minimum qualifications listed above.What truly makes BeyondTrust special are the people  people who keep the culture strong and make working here exciting, rewarding, and ultimately fun!Search @beyondtrust and #beyondtrustlife on Twitter and LinkedIn to find out more The ideal candidate will be proficient in several of the follow skills and disciplines Expertise with any of C#, Go, or Java Currently developing API services and working with scalable microservices architectures Prior experience working with public cloud providers: AWS, Google Cloud, Azure Prior experience with containerization and container orchestration technologies such as Docker and Kubernetes Prior experience with Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery strategies Automated testing experience (unit, e2e, integration, smoke) 5+ years experience delivering and supporting enterprise-ready cloud-based systems Solid Understanding of modern design patterns Experience with full lifecycle of development, including product release in an agile environment Experience working on an Agile team in a continuous integration and development environment You deliver results: you take the initiative to fix issues before being assigned to them, you are persistent when facing roadblocks, overcoming them efficiently; and you know how to coordinate with others when necessary You hold high standards, continuously raise the bar, and drive our teams to deliver high-quality products, services, and processes You understand software development best practices from appropriate testing paradigms to effective peer code reviews and resilient architectures You know how to balance speed and risks; you make decisions based on data You will be part of a fast-paced team designing, developing, delivering, and maintaining a cloud-based software solution utilizing modern orchestration technologies This is a unique opportunity for you to step up as a technical leader in solving cloud-scale challenges and deliver a bar-raising ITDR system Design, build, and maintain highly scalable and resilient customer-facing services/orchestration for the new ITDR system Contribute to the design of systems and provide technical leadership for projects with increasing complexity Review functional and technical requirements to identify gaps, and limitations, propose simplifications and communicate ideas effectively with cross-functional teams Be a bar-raiser for delivering results and taking end-to-end ownership individually and as part of a team Relentless pursuit of high quality by leveraging engineering best practices 