Equifax is where you can power your possible. If you want to achieve your true potential, chart new paths, develop new skills, collaborate with bright minds, and make a meaningful impact, we want to hear from you. Equifax is seeking creative, high-energy, diverse and driven Director - Technology . You are ideal for this position if you are a forward-thinking, committed, and enthusiastic software engineer who is passionate about technology. What you will do Guide the work of a team of software engineers, site reliability engineers and architects to build and maintain a world-class platform for our employer Products. Mentor and develop your team members to ensure their success in meeting objectives. Partner with our data and product teams to build a best in class product. Anticipate and remove roadblocks that slow down or impact the performance of the employer products. Prepare and give business reviews to senior management regarding progress, roadblocks and costs in meeting business... objectives. Participate in the estimation process, use case specifications, reviews of test plans and test cases, requirements, and project planning. Consistently demonstrate clear technical judgment, innovation, and consideration for the projects objectives . Working work with product architects, product owners, UX and other business partners to define work for the team You will be working with stakeholders and providing the transparency on deliverables and status You have experience in overall system architecture, scalability, reliability, and performance You have the ability to translate functional and technical requirements into detailed architecture and design What experience you need Bachelor's Degree or equivalent combination of skills & experience 7+ years of Software Development experience, developing accessible technologies 5+ years experience in a Technical Leadership role 5+ years experience in modern software development lifecycles including CI / CD 1+ years experience in Cloud services is preferred What could set you apart You adore working in a fast paced and agile development environment Experience in Auth N/Z, Identity, and Role Based Access Control Experience in leading huge data migration, data classification, performance tuning projects Familiarity in Entitlements, Access Manager, Sailpoint, and Saviynt integrations You possess excellent communication, sharp analytical abilities, and proven design skills Experience with building and leading teams during a period of high growth. Experience leading development teams in creating a B2B SaaS application. Excellent presentation communication skills - both oral and written Ability to understand issues at a high level and drive result Demonstrated aptitude and ability to acquiring new knowledge and skills You have the ability to operate across a broad and complex business unit with multiple stakeholders You have an understanding of the key aspects of finance especially as related to Technology. Specifically including total cost of ownership and value You are a self-starter, highly motivated, and have a real passion for actively learning and researching new methods of work and new technology You possess excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to communicate with team members at various levels, including business leaders We offer comprehensive compensation and healthcare packages, 401k matching, paid time off, and organizational growth potential through our online learning platform with guided career tracks. Are you ready to power your possible? Apply today, and get started on a path toward an exciting new career at Equifax, where you can make a difference! Equifax is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran. Primary Location: USA-Atlanta JV White USA-St. Louis-Lackland Function: Function - Tech Dev and Client Services Schedule: Full time At Equifax, we believe knowledge drives progress. As a global data, analytics and technology company, we play an essential role in the global economy by helping employers, employees, financial institutions and government agencies make critical decisions with greater confidence. We work to help create seamless and positive experiences during lifes pivotal moments: applying for jobs or a mortgage, financing an education or buying a car. Our impact is real and to accomplish our goals we focus on nurturing our people for career advancement and their learning and development, supporting our next generation of leaders, maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment, and regularly engaging and recognizing our employees. Regardless of location or role, the individual and collective work of our employees makes a difference and we are looking for talented team players to join us as we help people live their financial best. Equifax is an Equal Opportunity employer, and qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, ancestry, age, sex/gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, service in the Armed Forces, protected veteran status, national origin, physical or mental disability, genetic information, citizenship status or any other status protected by law. For US Applicants If you'd like more information on your EEO rights under the law, please view our EEO Policy Statement, EEO is the Law Declarations, and Nondiscrimination Provision. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or applicant for employment, please contact us by sending an email to GTA@equifax.com. In your email, please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting and a description of the position for which you are applying. Equifax participates in E-Verify and Right to Work (English and Spanish Equifax is where you can power your possible. If you want to achieve your true potential, chart new paths, develop new skills, collaborate with bright minds, and make a meaningful impact, we want to hear from you. Equifax is seeking creative, high-energy, diverse and driven Director - Technology . You are ideal for this position if you are a forward-thinking, committed, and enthusiastic software engineer who is passionate about technology. What you will do Guide the work of a team of software engineers, site reliability engineers and architects to build and maintain a world-class platform for our employer Products. Mentor and develop your team members to ensure their success in meeting objectives. Partner with our data and product teams to build a best in class product. Anticipate and remove roadblocks that slow down or impact the performance of the employer products. Prepare and give business reviews to senior management regarding progress, roadblocks and costs in meeting business... objectives. Participate in the estimation process, use case specifications, reviews of test plans and test cases, requirements, and project planning. Consistently demonstrate clear technical judgment, innovation, and consideration for the projects objectives . Working work with product architects, product owners, UX and other business partners to define work for the team You will be working with stakeholders and providing the transparency on deliverables and status You have experience in overall system architecture, scalability, reliability, and performance You have the ability to translate functional and technical requirements into detailed architecture and design What experience you need Bachelor's Degree or equivalent combination of skills & experience 7+ years of Software Development experience, developing accessible technologies 5+ years experience in a Technical Leadership role 5+ years experience in modern software development lifecycles including CI / CD 1+ years experience in Cloud services is preferred What could set you apart You adore working in a fast paced and agile development environment Experience in Auth N/Z, Identity, and Role Based Access Control Experience in leading huge data migration, data classification, performance tuning projects Familiarity in Entitlements, Access Manager, Sailpoint, and Saviynt integrations You possess excellent communication, sharp analytical abilities, and proven design skills Experience with building and leading teams during a period of high growth. Experience leading development teams in creating a B2B SaaS application. Excellent presentation communication skills - both oral and written Ability to understand issues at a high level and drive result Demonstrated aptitude and ability to acquiring new knowledge and skills You have the ability to operate across a broad and complex business unit with multiple stakeholders You have an understanding of the key aspects of finance especially as related to Technology. Specifically including total cost of ownership and value You are a self-starter, highly motivated, and have a real passion for actively learning and researching new methods of work and new technology You possess excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to communicate with team members at various levels, including business leaders We offer comprehensive compensation and healthcare packages, 401k matching, paid time off, and organizational growth potential through our online learning platform with guided career tracks. Are you ready to power your possible? Apply today, and get started on a path toward an exciting new career at Equifax, where you can make a difference! Equifax is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran. Primary Location: USA-Atlanta JV White USA-St. Louis-Lackland Function: Function - Tech Dev and Client Services Schedule: Full time At Equifax, we believe knowledge drives progress. As a global data, analytics and technology company, we play an essential role in the global economy by helping employers, employees, financial institutions and government agencies make critical decisions with greater confidence. We work to help create seamless and positive experiences during lifes pivotal moments: applying for jobs or a mortgage, financing an education or buying a car. Our impact is real and to accomplish our goals we focus on nurturing our people for career advancement and their learning and development, supporting our next generation of leaders, maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment, and regularly engaging and recognizing our employees. Regardless of location or role, the individual and collective work of our employees makes a difference and we are looking for talented team players to join us as we help people live their financial best. Equifax is an Equal Opportunity employer, and qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, ancestry, age, sex/gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, service in the Armed Forces, protected veteran status, national origin, physical or mental disability, genetic information, citizenship status or any other status protected by law. For US Applicants If you'd like more information on your EEO rights under the law, please view our EEO Policy Statement, EEO is the Law Declarations, and Nondiscrimination Provision. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or applicant for employment, please contact us by sending an email to GTA@equifax.com. In your email, please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting and a description of the position for which you are applying. Equifax participates in E-Verify and Right to Work (English and Spanish 