We think Rust is the best language for new systems software! Our core platform is all in Rust, from microservices in our distributed control plane to our high-performance data services. Everything we do is built on Linux and we are rethinking how control and data planes are built on modern programmable kernels using eBPF, Wireguard, io_uring, and other such features. We think using these from... Rust gives us the best balance of performance and safety for our customers. And it is a lot of fun too!Salary $100,000 to $200,000You will love this job if: You love Rust! You have beaten your head against web infrastructure and distributed systems and won! You know how to balance rapid development with long-term code maintainability and supportability. Your range of experience with frontend, backend, machine learning, or full-stack is one of your superpowers. You are an experienced debugger unfazed by the firefighting needed when production environments are in flames. You are detail-oriented and and passionate about creating an awesome user experience. You are comfortable with a variety of modern software frameworks and learn new tools as a matter of course or just for fun. You put EQ above ego and focus on team success helping your team members through code reviews. Health Care Plan (Medical, Dental & Vision) Paid Time Off (Vacation, Sick & Public Holidays) Family Leave (Maternity, Paternity) Training & Development Work From Home You know how to balance rapid development with long-term code maintainability and supportability Your range of experience with frontend, backend, machine learning, or full-stack is one of your superpowers You are an experienced debugger unfazed by the firefighting needed when production environments are in flames You are detail-oriented and and passionate about creating an awesome user experience You are comfortable with a variety of modern software frameworks and learn new tools as a matter of course or just for fun Salary $100,000 to $200,000 Health Care Plan (Medical, Dental & Vision) Paid Time Off (Vacation, Sick & Public Holidays) Family Leave (Maternity, Paternity) Training & Development Work From Home 