If youre passionate about innovation and love working in an environment where you can constantly improve and adopt new technologies to drive business results, then Nationwides Information Technology team could be the place for you! We are looking for a highly motivated and experienced Director Level Software Engineering Product Manager (SEPM) to lead our Enterprise Data Assets team. The SEPM will be responsible for overseeing the development and management of our Customer Data, Producer Data, Contact Management, Corporate Real-estate, Consumer Privacy, Security, and Aviation products. The ideal candidate will have a strong technical background in software engineering and a deep understanding of enterprise data assets, as well as experience managing cross-functional teams and collaborating with stakeholders across the organization. Key Responsibilities: Lead the development and execution of the Enterprise Data Assets product roadmap, ensuring alignment with business objectives and... stakeholder needs Manage a team of software engineering product managers to design, build, and maintain high-quality data products that meet the needs of our customers and internal stakeholders Collaborate with cross-functional teams including data analysts, data architects, and product owners to drive data initiatives and product development Drive innovation and stay abreast of emerging technologies in the data management space Develop and maintain relationships with key stakeholders across the organization, including executives, product owners, and business leaders Monitor and analyze product performance metrics, identify areas for improvement, and make recommendations for product enhancements Manage product budgets, resource allocation, and timelines to ensure on-time delivery and within budget This role with manage 5 direct reports: 4 managers and an individual contributor. Qualifications: Deep understanding of enterprise data assets and related technologies, such as master data management, data warehousing, data governance, and data security Strong technical skills and experience working with software development teams and agile methodologies Excellent communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to build relationships with stakeholders across the organization Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to analyze data and metrics to drive product improvements Experience working in a large-scale enterprise environment, with a deep understanding of complex organizational structures and processes Knowledge of industry regulations related to data privacy, security, and aviation is a plus If you are a dynamic and self-motivated individual with a passion for data and technology, we encourage you to apply for this exciting opportunity. You will be a key leader within the Data, Analytics, and Customer Technology organization, a group of highly engaged leaders along with a dynamic and supportive work environment. Join our team and help shape the future of data management at Nationwide. This role is open to remote work but will be required to travel into the Columbus OH offices approximately 6 times a year. Compensation Grade: H5 #LI-MS2 #LI-REMOTE Nationwide pays based on a geographic-specific salary structure. The actual salary for this position will be determined by a number of factors, including the scope, complexity and location of the role as well as the cost of labor in the market; the skills, education, training, credentials and experience of the candidate; and other conditions of employment. The role may also be eligible for either short-term or long-term incentive plans based on business and/or position-specific results. Newly hired full-time associates receive a minimum of 18 days paid time off each full calendar year, pro-rated quarterly based on hire date. Newly hired full-time associates at higher job levels may receive additional paid time off. You will also receive 8 hours of Lifetime paid time off and 8 hours of Unity Day paid time off. The range for this role is listed below. In Washington, the salary range for Director, Software Engineering Leader: $129,000 to $233,000. Job Description Summary If youre all about delivering technology solutions to support a company providing outstanding care to its customers, then Nationwide Technology may be the place for you! Our industry-leading technology workforce embraces an agile work environment and a collaborative and inclusive culture to deliver outstanding solutions and results. If that sounds like something you aspire to, we want to hear from you! As a Software Engineering Leader, youre accountable for the effective and efficient delivery of software to enable business outcomes by using software engineering industry best practices. You'll guide agile technology teams on how work is accomplished across the software lifecycle. You'll also drive software engineering maturity by providing coaching and guidance on Lean, agile and DevSecOps principles, tools and techniques. Job Description Key Responsibilities: Ensures software engineering and development capability uplift. Defines and implements strategies to enable Nationwide as a digital company. Demonstrates strategic thinking to evolve software engineering methodologies. Enables and champions innovation. Identifies key insights from metrics such as time to market (speed), quality and efficiency, and drives continuous improvement. Drives an "automation-first" approach within Technology teams. Consults on technology team formation, including consolidating, optimizing and de-constructing agile teams. Drives variable capacity management for Technology teams through staff augmentation, managed capacity and associate staffing to ensure teams are appropriately staffed. Hires and develops talent, provides consistent coaching and feedback. May perform other responsibilities as assigned. Reporting Relationships: Reports to Technology, Associate Vice President or above; leads a team of eight or more Technology Professionals. Typical Skills and Experiences: Education: Undergraduate studies in computer science, management information systems, mathematics or related field is strongly preferred. License/Certification/Designation: Certified Scrum Master, Certified Agile Leader, Amazon Web Services Practitioner or other related certifications are encouraged, but not required. Experience: Eight years of experience using Lean, agile and DevSecOps principles. Five or more years in leading strategic, large-scale initiatives across a variety of technical disciplines. Knowledge, Abilities and Skills: Proven track record of optimally leading teams in a matrixed environment. Experience empowering and building an engaged workforce. Experience developing and maintaining strong business partnerships. Vendor management experience a plus. Insurance/financial services industry knowledge a plus. Other criteria, including leadership skills, competencies and experiences may take precedence. Staffing exceptions to the above must be approved by the hiring managers leader and Human Resources Business Partner. Values: Regularly and consistently demonstrates Nationwide Values. Job Conditions: Overtime Eligibility: Not Eligible (Exempt) Working Conditions: Normal office environment. Associates may have on-call responsibility after normal working hours and/or on weekends. ADA: The above statements cover what are generally believed to be principal and essential functions of this job. Specific circumstances may allow or require some people assigned to the job to perform a somewhat different combination of duties. Benefits We have an array of benefits to fit your needs, including: medical/dental/vision, life insurance, short and long term disability coverage, paid time off with newly hired associates receiving a minimum of 18 days paid time off each full calendar year pro-rated quarterly based on hire date, nine paid holidays, 8 hours of Lifetime paid time off, 8 hours of Unity Day paid time off, 401(k) with company match, company-paid pension plan, business casual attire, and more. To learn more about the benefits we offer, click here. Nationwide is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive culture where everyone feels challenged, appreciated, respected and engaged. Nationwide prohibits discrimination and harassment and affords equal employment opportunities to employees and applicants without regard to any characteristic (or classification) protected by applicable law. For NY residents please review the following state law information: Notice of Employee Rights, Protections, and Obligations LS740 (ny.gov) https://dol.ny.gov/system/files/documents/2022/02/ls740_1.pdf Nationwide pays based on a geographic-specific salary structure. The actual salary for this position will be determined by a number of factors, including the scope, complexity and location of the role as well as the cost of labor in the market; the skills, education, training, credentials and experience of the candidate; and other conditions of employment. The range for this role in California is listed below. If a Sales job, Sales Incentives, based on performance goals are possible in addition to this range.$129,000.00 - $204,000.00 Nationwide pays based on a geographic-specific salary structure. The actual salary for this position will be determined by a number of factors, including the scope, complexity and location of the role as well as the cost of labor in the market; the skills, education, training, credentials and experience of the candidate; and other conditions of employment. The range for this role in Colorado is listed below. If a Sales job, Sales Incentives, based on performance goals are possible in addition to this range.$129,000.00 - $186,000.00 Nationwide pays based on a geographic-specific salary structure. The actual salary for this position will be determined by a number of factors, including the scope, complexity and location of the role as well as the cost of labor in the market; the skills, education, training, credentials and experience of the candidate; and other conditions of employment. The range for this role in New York is listed below. If a Sales job, Sales Incentives, based on performance goals are possible in addition to this range.$129,000.00 - $244,000.00 At Nationwide, we find purpose in protecting people, businesses and futures with extraordinary care  and weve been doing that since 1926. Our financial strength and caring culture extend beyond our associates into the communities we serve. You really can feel the difference at Nationwide, which is why we continue to be named one of the Fortune 100 Best Companies To Work For. Check out why others think we're a great place to work, too, and let us know  can you see yourself at Nationwide? Nationwide is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive culture where everyone feels challenged, appreciated, respected and engaged. Nationwide prohibits discrimination and harassment and affords equal employment opportunities to employees and applicants without regard to any characteristic (or classification) protected by applicable law If youre passionate about innovation and love working in an environment where you can constantly improve and adopt new technologies to drive business results, then Nationwides Information Technology team could be the place for you! We are looking for a highly motivated and experienced Director Level Software Engineering Product Manager (SEPM) to lead our Enterprise Data Assets team. The SEPM will be responsible for overseeing the development and management of our Customer Data, Producer Data, Contact Management, Corporate Real-estate, Consumer Privacy, Security, and Aviation products. The ideal candidate will have a strong technical background in software engineering and a deep understanding of enterprise data assets, as well as experience managing cross-functional teams and collaborating with stakeholders across the organization. Key Responsibilities: Lead the development and execution of the Enterprise Data Assets product roadmap, ensuring alignment with business objectives and... stakeholder needs Manage a team of software engineering product managers to design, build, and maintain high-quality data products that meet the needs of our customers and internal stakeholders Collaborate with cross-functional teams including data analysts, data architects, and product owners to drive data initiatives and product development Drive innovation and stay abreast of emerging technologies in the data management space Develop and maintain relationships with key stakeholders across the organization, including executives, product owners, and business leaders Monitor and analyze product performance metrics, identify areas for improvement, and make recommendations for product enhancements Manage product budgets, resource allocation, and timelines to ensure on-time delivery and within budget This role with manage 5 direct reports: 4 managers and an individual contributor. Qualifications: Deep understanding of enterprise data assets and related technologies, such as master data management, data warehousing, data governance, and data security Strong technical skills and experience working with software development teams and agile methodologies Excellent communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to build relationships with stakeholders across the organization Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to analyze data and metrics to drive product improvements Experience working in a large-scale enterprise environment, with a deep understanding of complex organizational structures and processes Knowledge of industry regulations related to data privacy, security, and aviation is a plus If you are a dynamic and self-motivated individual with a passion for data and technology, we encourage you to apply for this exciting opportunity. You will be a key leader within the Data, Analytics, and Customer Technology organization, a group of highly engaged leaders along with a dynamic and supportive work environment. Join our team and help shape the future of data management at Nationwide. This role is open to remote work but will be required to travel into the Columbus OH offices approximately 6 times a year. Compensation Grade: H5 #LI-MS2 #LI-REMOTE Nationwide pays based on a geographic-specific salary structure. The actual salary for this position will be determined by a number of factors, including the scope, complexity and location of the role as well as the cost of labor in the market; the skills, education, training, credentials and experience of the candidate; and other conditions of employment. The role may also be eligible for either short-term or long-term incentive plans based on business and/or position-specific results. Newly hired full-time associates receive a minimum of 18 days paid time off each full calendar year, pro-rated quarterly based on hire date. Newly hired full-time associates at higher job levels may receive additional paid time off. You will also receive 8 hours of Lifetime paid time off and 8 hours of Unity Day paid time off. The range for this role is listed below. In Washington, the salary range for Director, Software Engineering Leader: $129,000 to $233,000. Job Description Summary If youre all about delivering technology solutions to support a company providing outstanding care to its customers, then Nationwide Technology may be the place for you! Our industry-leading technology workforce embraces an agile work environment and a collaborative and inclusive culture to deliver outstanding solutions and results. If that sounds like something you aspire to, we want to hear from you! As a Software Engineering Leader, youre accountable for the effective and efficient delivery of software to enable business outcomes by using software engineering industry best practices. You'll guide agile technology teams on how work is accomplished across the software lifecycle. You'll also drive software engineering maturity by providing coaching and guidance on Lean, agile and DevSecOps principles, tools and techniques. Job Description Key Responsibilities: Ensures software engineering and development capability uplift. Defines and implements strategies to enable Nationwide as a digital company. Demonstrates strategic thinking to evolve software engineering methodologies. Enables and champions innovation. Identifies key insights from metrics such as time to market (speed), quality and efficiency, and drives continuous improvement. Drives an "automation-first" approach within Technology teams. Consults on technology team formation, including consolidating, optimizing and de-constructing agile teams. Drives variable capacity management for Technology teams through staff augmentation, managed capacity and associate staffing to ensure teams are appropriately staffed. Hires and develops talent, provides consistent coaching and feedback. May perform other responsibilities as assigned. Reporting Relationships: Reports to Technology, Associate Vice President or above; leads a team of eight or more Technology Professionals. Typical Skills and Experiences: Education: Undergraduate studies in computer science, management information systems, mathematics or related field is strongly preferred. License/Certification/Designation: Certified Scrum Master, Certified Agile Leader, Amazon Web Services Practitioner or other related certifications are encouraged, but not required. Experience: Eight years of experience using Lean, agile and DevSecOps principles. Five or more years in leading strategic, large-scale initiatives across a variety of technical disciplines. Knowledge, Abilities and Skills: Proven track record of optimally leading teams in a matrixed environment. Experience empowering and building an engaged workforce. Experience developing and maintaining strong business partnerships. Vendor management experience a plus. Insurance/financial services industry knowledge a plus. Other criteria, including leadership skills, competencies and experiences may take precedence. Staffing exceptions to the above must be approved by the hiring managers leader and Human Resources Business Partner. Values: Regularly and consistently demonstrates Nationwide Values. Job Conditions: Overtime Eligibility: Not Eligible (Exempt) Working Conditions: Normal office environment. Associates may have on-call responsibility after normal working hours and/or on weekends. ADA: The above statements cover what are generally believed to be principal and essential functions of this job. Specific circumstances may allow or require some people assigned to the job to perform a somewhat different combination of duties. Benefits We have an array of benefits to fit your needs, including: medical/dental/vision, life insurance, short and long term disability coverage, paid time off with newly hired associates receiving a minimum of 18 days paid time off each full calendar year pro-rated quarterly based on hire date, nine paid holidays, 8 hours of Lifetime paid time off, 8 hours of Unity Day paid time off, 401(k) with company match, company-paid pension plan, business casual attire, and more. To learn more about the benefits we offer, click here. Nationwide is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive culture where everyone feels challenged, appreciated, respected and engaged. Nationwide prohibits discrimination and harassment and affords equal employment opportunities to employees and applicants without regard to any characteristic (or classification) protected by applicable law. For NY residents please review the following state law information: Notice of Employee Rights, Protections, and Obligations LS740 (ny.gov) https://dol.ny.gov/system/files/documents/2022/02/ls740_1.pdf Nationwide pays based on a geographic-specific salary structure. The actual salary for this position will be determined by a number of factors, including the scope, complexity and location of the role as well as the cost of labor in the market; the skills, education, training, credentials and experience of the candidate; and other conditions of employment. The range for this role in California is listed below. If a Sales job, Sales Incentives, based on performance goals are possible in addition to this range.$129,000.00 - $204,000.00 Nationwide pays based on a geographic-specific salary structure. The actual salary for this position will be determined by a number of factors, including the scope, complexity and location of the role as well as the cost of labor in the market; the skills, education, training, credentials and experience of the candidate; and other conditions of employment. The range for this role in Colorado is listed below. If a Sales job, Sales Incentives, based on performance goals are possible in addition to this range.$129,000.00 - $186,000.00 Nationwide pays based on a geographic-specific salary structure. The actual salary for this position will be determined by a number of factors, including the scope, complexity and location of the role as well as the cost of labor in the market; the skills, education, training, credentials and experience of the candidate; and other conditions of employment. The range for this role in New York is listed below. If a Sales job, Sales Incentives, based on performance goals are possible in addition to this range.$129,000.00 - $244,000.00 At Nationwide, we find purpose in protecting people, businesses and futures with extraordinary care  and weve been doing that since 1926. Our financial strength and caring culture extend beyond our associates into the communities we serve. You really can feel the difference at Nationwide, which is why we continue to be named one of the Fortune 100 Best Companies To Work For. Check out why others think we're a great place to work, too, and let us know  can you see yourself at Nationwide? Nationwide is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive culture where everyone feels challenged, appreciated, respected and engaged. Nationwide prohibits discrimination and harassment and affords equal employment opportunities to employees and applicants without regard to any characteristic (or classification) protected by applicable law 