Job Description:Fidelity is seeking to hire a Principal Mobile Developer to join us. We have an outstanding technology opportunity in the Software Engineering (SWE) Chapter to deliver modern Mobile solutions to the Future of Work squad in Fidelity Corporate Technology Group (CTG...You will be responsible for guiding technology decisions, driving innovation with cloud solutions and collaborating with technology partners. This team values the ability to learn and adapt to technology change while appreciating solid foundational design and the craft of software engineering. You will be responsible for driving technology decisions that support and enhance the mobile experience for associates across the enterprise. Will consider 100% remote work from home exception for EST or Central time zones.The Expertise and Skills You Bring Foundational knowledge of mobile delivery patterns 5+ years of enterprise technology experience OS and / or Android such as (Swift / SwiftUI / Android SDK, Android Studio, etc. Specialist understanding and experience of the full mobile experience lifecycle including planning, analysis, design, coding, data management, systems and user testing, problem debugging and resolution. Practical experience delivering and supporting cross platform mobile experiences and cloud integrations that support them. Ability to take ownership of technology strategy and influence technology direction with the team. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills with the ability to lead cross-team collaboration and partnerships across a variety of internal and external constituencies. Passion and curiosity, work as a team to cultivate ideas and produce creative solutions to difficult problems while making smart choices balancing design and delivery. Bachelors or Advanced degree (Computer Science or related fields). Positivity and strength in guiding technology and advising business partners on key choices for platform solutions. Team mentality with strong ability to articulate strategy and decisions. Drive for continuous improvement, modern patterns, automation, and solid foundational engineering. Foundational leadership in technology decisions while staying on top of industry trends. Ensuring a pattern of trust through strong collaboration and communication with external teams.#LI-REMOTECertifications:Company OverviewFidelity Investments is a privately held company with a mission to strengthen the financial well-being of our clients. We help people invest and plan for their future. We assist companies and non-profit organizations in delivering benefits to their employees. And we provide institutions and independent advisors with investment and technology solutions to help invest their own clients money.Join UsAt Fidelity, youll find endless opportunities to build a meaningful career that positively impacts peoples lives, including yours. You can take advantage of flexible benefits that support you through every stage of your career, empowering you to thrive at work and at home. Honored with a Glassdoor Employees Choice Award, we have been recognized by our employees as a Best Place to Work in 2022. And you dont need a finance background to succeed at Fidelitywe offer a range of opportunities for learning so you can build the career youve always imagined.Many of our associates are continuing to work remotely temporarily due to COVID-19. When Fidelity employees eventually return to the office, our goal is for most people to work flexibly in a way that balances both personal and business needs with time onsite and offsite through what were calling "Dynamic Working."We invite you to Find Your Fidelity at fidelitycareers.com.Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer. We believe that the most effective way to attract, develop and retain a diverse workforce is to build an enduring culture of inclusion and belonging.Fidelity will reasonably accommodate applicants with disabilities who need adjustments to participate in the application or interview process. To initiate a request for an accommodation, contact the HR Leave of Absence/Accommodation Team by sending an email to accommodations @fmr.com, or by calling 800-835-5099, prompt 2, option 3 Foundational knowledge of mobile delivery patterns 5+ years of enterprise technology experience OS and / or Android such as (Swift / SwiftUI / Android SDK, Android Studio, etc Specialist understanding and experience of the full mobile experience lifecycle including planning, analysis, design, coding, data management, systems and user testing, problem debugging and resolution Practical experience delivering and supporting cross platform mobile experiences and cloud integrations that support them Ability to take ownership of technology strategy and influence technology direction with the team Excellent interpersonal and communication skills with the ability to lead cross-team collaboration and partnerships across a variety of internal and external constituencies Passion and curiosity, work as a team to cultivate ideas and produce creative solutions to difficult problems while making smart choices balancing design and delivery Bachelors or Advanced degree (Computer Science or related fields) Positivity and strength in guiding technology and advising business partners on key choices for platform solutions Team mentality with strong ability to articulate strategy and decisions Drive for continuous improvement, modern patterns, automation, and solid foundational engineering Foundational leadership in technology decisions while staying on top of industry trends Ensuring a pattern of trust through strong collaboration and communication with external teams You will be responsible for driving technology decisions that support and enhance the mobile experience for associates across the enterprise You can take advantage of flexible benefits that support you through every stage of your career, empowering you to thrive at work and at home 