Job DescriptionAndroid Lead/Architect Thesus Medical Products Group, Inc. ("Thesus Health") is a digital health technology startup dedicated to transforming medication management, remote patient monitoring, and e-care delivery through the development of high-quality technology solutions that are safe, affordable, highly reliable, and effective. Our purpose is to improve the lives of patients... and caregivers while reducing the burdens placed on providers, families, hospitals, and health systems. The Android Lead/Architect has experience in architecting, developing, deploying, and supporting Android and iOS mobile applications. The ideal candidate is collaborative, solution- and execution-driven, self-motivated, and inquisitive. The ideal candidate also possesses an innovative mindset and has a passion for software engineering that transforms lives, solving complex problems and driving powerful solutions. And, since we are a startup, excellent communication, the ability to adapt, and a good sense of humor is essential. The Android Lead/Architect role is a full-time (M-F), remote contracted position. We are offering a competitive rate starting at $70 per hour, commensurate with experience. The remote work model of this role will transition to a hybrid remote- or office environment- model when the move into our NoVA-based office space is official. Thesus Health is headquartered in Northern Virginia (NoVA); all candidates must reside in the Northern Virginia or Washington, DC Metro area to qualify for the position. Also, as our company continues to grow, there is a strong possibility that a new - but related - opportunity for ongoing employment will come to fruition soon. If you love development work, are inspired by startup spirit, and thrive in a team-first environment, we want to hear from you! Type: FT (M-F), Contract | Work Model: Hybrid Remote | Pay: $70+/hour | Location: NoVA Required Skills and Abilities: * - Direct experience developing Android and iOS applications. * - Experience collaborating with product managers, designers, and other engineering leaders in cross-functional groups. * - Excellent verbal and written communication skills. * - Knowledge of interfacing with backend systems in JAVA, J2EE, ORM, SQL and NoSQL databases. * - Knowledge of front-end browser technologies including HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. * - Knowledge of Semantic Markup, AJAX, JSON, and JS libraries. * - Knowledge of cloud technologies and related deployments * - Knowledge of disciplined software release build/deploy processes. * - Experience leading Agile teams and projects to deliver working software iteratively with quality. * - Experience dealing with cloud-based hosting services and external hosting partners. * - High degree of professionalism, diplomacy skills, and ability to handle confidential information. * - Positive attitude, good people skills and the ability to work closely with people at all levels of experience and proficiency. * - Extremely organized and meticulous with details. * - Excellent project management skills and ability to prioritize work and resources. * - Ability to apply judgment and make informed decisions. * - Ability to strategize, plan, and implement change. * - Ability to supervise, coach, mentor, train, and evaluate work results. * - Ability to meet deadlines. * - Knowledge of recent technologies and maintain and stay abreast of updates and changes. * - Experience with Agile/Scrum project management methodologies. * - Experience with Jira. * - Ability to thrive in a fast-paced startup environment. * - Proficient in Google Workspace applications (Docs, Sheets, Slides), Microsoft Office, or related software. Required Education and Experience:  Bachelor's degree in information technology or related field.  Eight (8) years of hands-on, proven software engineering experience delivering mobile applications.  Experience working in health technology and/or related field. Additional Qualifications: * - Android Certified Application Developer (ACAD) certification is highly preferred. * - Apple iOS Mobile Application Developer Certification is highly preferred. - Certified Scrum Professional (CSP), Professional Scrum Master (PSM), Project Management Institute Agile Certified Professional (PMI ACP), or other leading Agile certification is a plus. Physical Requirements: * - Ability to sit at a desk for prolonged periods of time and working on a computer. * - Ability to perform repetitive hand and wrist motions for extended periods of time. For Full Consideration: All applicants must complete and submit the online application; and upload (1) a cover letter, (2) resume, (3) list of three professional references with contact information, and (4) an example of prior digital work with an explanation of your role (as an additional document). At Thesus Medical Products Group (dba Thesus Health), we are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicant The ideal candidate is collaborative, solution- and execution-driven, self-motivated, and inquisitive The ideal candidate also possesses an innovative mindset and has a passion for software engineering that transforms lives, solving complex problems and driving powerful solutions - Direct experience developing Android and iOS applications - Experience collaborating with product managers, designers, and other engineering leaders in cross-functional groups - Excellent verbal and written communication skills - Knowledge of interfacing with backend systems in JAVA, J2EE, ORM, SQL and NoSQL databases - Knowledge of front-end browser technologies including HTML, CSS, and JavaScript - Knowledge of Semantic Markup, AJAX, JSON, and JS libraries - Knowledge of cloud technologies and related deployments - Knowledge of disciplined software release build/deploy processes - Experience leading Agile teams and projects to deliver working software iteratively with quality - Experience dealing with cloud-based hosting services and external hosting partners - High degree of professionalism, diplomacy skills, and ability to handle confidential information - Positive attitude, good people skills and the ability to work closely with people at all levels of experience and proficiency - Extremely organized and meticulous with details - Excellent project management skills and ability to prioritize work and resources - Ability to apply judgment and make informed decisions - Ability to strategize, plan, and implement change - Ability to supervise, coach, mentor, train, and evaluate work results - Ability to meet deadlines - Knowledge of recent technologies and maintain and stay abreast of updates and changes - Experience with Agile/Scrum project management methodologies - Experience with Jira - Ability to thrive in a fast-paced startup environment - Proficient in Google Workspace applications (Docs, Sheets, Slides), Microsoft Office, or related software Required Education and Experience:  Bachelor's degree in information technology or related field  Eight (8) years of hands-on, proven software engineering experience delivering mobile applications  Experience working in health technology and/or related field - Ability to sit at a desk for prolonged periods of time and working on a computer - Ability to perform repetitive hand and wrist motions for extended periods of time For Full Consideration: All applicants must complete and submit the online application; and upload (1) a cover letter, (2) resume, (3) list of three professional references with contact information, and (4) an example of prior digital work with an explanation of your role (as an additional document) We are offering a competitive rate starting at $70 per hour, commensurate with experience 