Cognizant Technology Solutions is seeking for Android Developer who could join in our team of IT professionals in a permanent role. If you meet our background requirements and skills and looking for an opportunity to be rewarded for your skills and expertise, here is the ideal opportunity for you!Job Title: Android Developer...Job Location: Basking Ridge, NJResponsibilities: As a Mobile Lead App developer, you are responsible for the full Application development life cycle, from conception to deployment. Working with development teams, SMEs, Architects, and Product Owners to build iOS & amp; Android apps. Building the iOS & amp; Android applications through an appealing user experience Working effectively in collaboration with other teams/partners in scaled Agile Framework and other support functions when required with a continuous focus on improving applications. Ensuring quality delivery of your code to dev, SIT, UAT, and production environments with complete ownership. Working towards improving code standardisation. Guiding junior developers in the team.Requirements: Bachelor's degree or six or more years of work experience. Six or more years of relevant work experience. Experience in iOS & amp; Android app development Experience in Java, Kotlin, and Jet Pack framework. Experience in generating frameworks and libraries. Experience in server-driven architecture Experience in DevOps technologies (e. g., Gitlab, Jenkins, Sonar) Even better if you have one or more of the following: A Bachelor's degree. Experience in code coverage tools (e. g., Sonar). Experience in security tools (e. g., Fortify, Blackduck). Experience in DevOps / CICD model. Experience in Agile methodologies and usage of Scrum Tools (e. g., JIRA, Jenkins, GitLab)Salary and Other Compensation:The annual salary for this position is depending on experience and other qualifications of the successful candidate.This position is also eligible for Cognizants discretionary annual incentive program, based on performance and subject to the terms of Cognizants applicable plans.Benefits: Cognizant offers the following benefits for this position, subject to applicable eligibility requirements: Medical/Dental/Vision/Life Insurance Paid holidays plus Paid Time Off 401(k) plan and contributions Long-term/Short-term Disability Paid Parental Leave Employee Stock Purchase PlanDisclaimer: The salary, other compensation, and benefits information is accurate as of the date of this posting. Cognizant reserves the right to modify this information at any time, subject to applicable law.About CognizantHeadquartered in the U.S, Cognizant is a member of the S&P-500, Nasdaq-100, Fortune 200, and was recently ranked as the #1 Fastest Growing All Star by Fortune Magazine. Cognizant leverages a highly flexible business model, a seamless global delivery network, and deep domain expertise to deliver to a long list of world-class companies that are leaders in their own space.www.cognizant.comNASDAQ: CTSHIND123#LI-KV2 Bachelor's degree or six or more years of work experience Experience in iOS & amp; Android app development Experience in Java, Kotlin, and Jet Pack framework Experience in generating frameworks and libraries Experience in server-driven architecture Experience in DevOps technologies (e. g., Gitlab, Jenkins, Sonar) Even better if you have one or more of the following: Experience in code coverage tools (e. g., Sonar) Experience in security tools (e. g., Fortify, Blackduck) Experience in DevOps / CICD model Experience in Agile methodologies and usage of Scrum Tools (e. g., JIRA, Jenkins, GitLab) As a Mobile Lead App developer, you are responsible for the full Application development life cycle, from conception to deployment Working with development teams, SMEs, Architects, and Product Owners to build iOS & amp; Android apps Building the iOS & amp; Android applications through an appealing user experience Working effectively in collaboration with other teams/partners in scaled Agile Framework and other support functions when required with a continuous focus on improving applications Ensuring quality delivery of your code to dev, SIT, UAT, and production environments with complete ownership Working towards improving code standardisation Guiding junior developers in the team The annual salary for this position is depending on experience and other qualifications of the successful candidate This position is also eligible for Cognizants discretionary annual incentive program, based on performance and subject to the terms of Cognizants applicable plans Medical/Dental/Vision/Life Insurance Paid holidays plus Paid Time Off 401(k) plan and contributions Long-term/Short-term Disability Paid Parental Leave Employee Stock Purchase Plan 