At Digital Turbine, we make mobile advertising experiences more meaningful and rewarding for users, app publishers, and advertisers  intelligently connecting people in more ways, across more devices. We provide app publishers and advertisers with powerful ads and experiences that captivate consumers and fuel performance, and help telecoms and OEMs to supercharge awareness, acquisition, and... monetization. In a rapidly evolving industry, we are constantly innovating to create better paths of discovery to connect consumers, publishers, and advertisers across the mobile ecosystem.Following the acquisition of AdColony and Fyber by Digital Turbine in 2021, everyone who joins the DT community does so as a full Digital Turbine employee. Some career opportunities still may be listed under Fyber or AdColony, due to local available entity requirements, but dont worry, were all one family at DT.Digital Turbine is looking for an exceptional Sr. Android Developer to be part of our growing family. Come join us in pushing the limits of advertising technology within the scope of compelling news and information apps. This position requires a proven ability to understand and implement business requirements for new systems and enhancements to existing systems in an Agile environment.Responsibilities of the Lead Android Developer: Work with a team of several other Android engineers. Review architecture, designs, code changes, and ensure overall app quality. Act as subject matter expert for various Android versions and SDKs. Help to solve the most difficult or complex problems of the team. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to conceptualize new software products and features. Develop scalable and cost-effective software systems that utilize best practices and meet business requirements.Desired Skills of the Lead Android Developer: 5+ years of Android development experience. Experience with OOP, Kotlin, Java, and Git. Experience with Firebase Cloud Messaging, Analytics, Crashlytics. Familiar with consuming web services and using RESTful APIs. Excellent written and verbal communication. BS in Computer Science or equivalent work experience. Familiar with agile software practices. Familiar with computer networking concepts.Experience with TDD and Junit. Strong knowledge of memory management, process lifecycle, threads, and thread handlers in Android. Experience working with product flavors that target a wide variety of Android devices (e.g., Android versions, device sizes, manufacturers).Ability to thrive in a distributed, collaborative, and team-oriented environment. Background with server application development and cloud platforms such as AWS. Knowledge of web technologies: HTML, CSS, Javascript. Familiar with hybrid mobile apps. Experience leading a small team.#LI-RJ1 #LI-Hybrid #LI-OnsiteAbout Digital Turbine:Digital Turbine (NASDAQ: APPS) powers superior mobile consumer experiences and results for the worlds leading telcos, advertisers and publishers. Our end-to-end platform uniquely simplifies the ability to supercharge awareness, acquisition and monetization  connecting our partners to more consumers, in more ways, across more devices.The company is headquartered in Austin, Texas, with global offices in New York, Los Angeles, San Francisco, London, Berlin, Singapore, Tel Aviv, and other cities serving top agency, app developer, and advertising markets. Listed on Deloitte Technology Fast 500 for six consecutive years since 2015 and winner of Austin Chamber of Commerces Company Culture in 2020.Digital Turbine is an equal opportunity employer committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives. We embed diversity in our mindset, products, and teams to empower an inclusive, equitable, and culturally fluent environment. Building this culture within our teams makes us better collaborators and partners, driving better outcomes Experience with TDD and Junit Strong knowledge of memory management, process lifecycle, threads, and thread handlers in Android Experience working with product flavors that target a wide variety of Android devices (e.g., Android versions, device sizes, manufacturers) Ability to thrive in a distributed, collaborative, and team-oriented environment Background with server application development and cloud platforms such as AWS Knowledge of web technologies: HTML, CSS, Javascript Familiar with hybrid mobile apps Experience leading a small team Work with a team of several other Android engineers Review architecture, designs, code changes, and ensure overall app quality Act as subject matter expert for various Android versions and SDKs Help to solve the most difficult or complex problems of the team Collaborate with cross-functional teams to conceptualize new software products and features Develop scalable and cost-effective software systems that utilize best practices and meet business requirements 