Job Description:Every day, Global Payments makes it possible for millions of people to move money between buyers and sellers using our payments solutions for credit, debit, prepaid and merchant services. Our worldwide team helps over 3 million companies, more than 1,300 financial institutions and over 600 million cardholders grow with confidence and achieve amazing results. We are driven by our... passion for success and we are proud to deliver best-in-class payment technology and software solutions. Join our dynamic team and make your mark on the payments technology landscape of tomorrow.#LI_RemoteNote: This candidate can work remote.Software Developer (Android)Job Duties: 1 years of Android development. Collaborate with business owners to solidify requirements. Develop Android Apps to fit client specifications. Proficient with Java / C . Strong Android SDK experience is desired. Use best practices for software development and assure designs meet requirements. Deliver high-quality work on tight schedules. Work with business representatives to define requirements and developing technical specifications.Requirements: BS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent experience. Experience architecting and coding Java Embedded firmware. Experience using and manipulating the Android SDK. Demonstrable portfolio of Android and Android-related apps is a must! Experience developing firmware for commercial Android devices is desired.Global Payments Inc. is an equal opportunity employer.Global Payments provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, ancestry, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, veteran status, genetic information or any other basis protected by law. Those applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the application and/or interview process should notify a representative of the Human Resources Department.TSYS is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) committed to employing a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive culture.Qualified individuals with disabilities may be entitled to reasonable accommodations to assist in their pursuit of employment with TSYS. This includes assistance in completing the job application (online or otherwise) and reasonable accommodations during the hiring process. For assistance with reasonable accommodations needed to apply for a job, please contact the TSYS Pay and Benefits Center between 8 a.m. and 7 p.m. Eastern Monday-Friday at 1.706.644.8747 or 1.877.644.8747 or email at PayandBenefits@tsys.com.EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/DisabilityTSYS is committed to diversity and equal opportunities for everyone. We are committed to ensuring that all job applicants and team members are treated equally, without discrimination because of gender, sexual orientation, marital or civil partner status, gender reassignment, race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin, religion or belief, disability, age or any other characteristic prohibited by law. For more information, please refer to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.Are you interested in this job? Please apply from Salary.comJob ID: j202304300304247882178Recommended Job Skills: Bug/Defect Analysis, DebuggingAverage Estimate Salary for an Android Developer I - Remote: $87,081 to $106,311This data is calculated using netizen feedback data. To get the most accurate number for your company jobs in your locations, use our subscription products: https://www.salary.com/companalyst Proficient with Java / C BS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent experience Experience architecting and coding Java Embedded firmware Experience using and manipulating the Android SDK Demonstrable portfolio of Android and Android-related apps is a must! 1 years of Android development Collaborate with business owners to solidify requirements Develop Android Apps to fit client specifications Use best practices for software development and assure designs meet requirements Deliver high-quality work on tight schedules Work with business representatives to define requirements and developing technical specifications Average Estimate Salary for an Android Developer I - Remote: $87,081 to $106,311 