Cobble is an app that ends decision fatigue. Our mission is to get people back out into the world doing the things they love with the people they care about. No more "What do you want to do?" "I don't know...what do you want to do?" With Cobble, everything we build is for getting people to a collaborative agreementfaster, easier, and way more fun than texting back and forth with no end in... sight.We do this through a combination of excellent curated content, and a suite of social decision-making tools. You might discover...your new favorite restaurant, a TV show everyone can't stop talking about, a one-time-only event, and so much more. Best of all? You'll actually do it because that's what Cobble is made for. Not another list app. A do it app.We are an early stage company growing at the speed of light. We launched in June of 2020 in a fear-filled pandemic that had many people questioning if we'd ever be out in the world together again. Cobble always had that vision to say yes, and we're going to be a part of making it happen.That's how our solo, first-time, female founder raised $3.3M in the middle of the pandemic. Now, we're finding out footing in the world and looking for brilliant people to join our teamhelp us grow, help us continue nailing our product, and making Cobble a household name. Our team is distributed across the world, across cultures and backgrounds, and our leadership team is 80% female. Cobble was built with a spirit of inclusion and we're proud to keep up that reputation. Being remote isn't always easy, but we're pros at this point. Every year, we host Camp Cobble where all of our people come to New York for one epic week (you bet we use Cobble to make the best plans of all time). *Requirements**- BS or MS degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience- 4+ years of relevant full-time Android development experience- Interest in the consumer space, willingness to roll-up sleeves and do hands-on development on day one- Experience with quick prototyping and working through ambiguities. We are defining our product specs through innovation and improvisation from every member of team- Solid understanding of object-oriented programming and familiarity with various design and architectural patterns- Ability to think critically about products and to shape technical and product strategy *Additional skillsets:**1. Proficient in Kotlin2. Proficient with MVVM architecture3. Familiarity with REST based API, Firebase, and Amplitude.4. Experience working with animations.5. Excellent debugging and optimization skill.6. Well versed in with building UI using XML and custom UI components.7. Knowledge in Unit Testing.8. Good written and spoken communication skills *Company Values**- Be curious.- Be a self-starter. Make it happen. Be thrilled to go the extra mile.- Be kind. Follow the golden ruletreat others how you would like to be treated.- Practice spontaneity. New growth stems from excitement, experimentation, and brainstorming. Look for spontaneous collaboration.- Be vocalin and out of the office. Be an advocate for Cobble wherever you go.- Dont bury mistakes. Its only a problem if only you know its a problem.- Diversity is paramount. Were as inclusive as the couples who use Cobble, and the experiences we recommend.- Act with integrity. What do you do when no one is looking?- Act like an owner. When you graduate from Cobble in 5, 10, 15 yearshow is this place different because you were here?- Engage in fearless conversation. Something on your mind? Go to the source. Unsure of something? Be willing to ask for help.- Quality content is queen. What we do, we do well BS or MS degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience 4+ years of relevant full-time Android development experience Interest in the consumer space, willingness to roll-up sleeves and do hands-on development on day one Solid understanding of object-oriented programming and familiarity with various design and architectural patterns Ability to think critically about products and to shape technical and product strategy Experience working with animations Excellent debugging and optimization skill Knowledge in Unit Testing Good written and spoken communication skills Engage in fearless conversation Act like an owner 