Job Title Android DeveloperPosition Level: Mid...Job Type: ContractWork Hours: 9 to 5Position can be remote: NoWork Location: Irving, Texas 75063Extension of Assignment Possible: YesProject Description/ Job SummaryThis is a Mid -Senior level Android Developer position. The candidate will work on the development team for customer support feature. He/She is expected to develop robust and efficient code as per the business requirements.Key Responsibilities and Duties- Design and build advanced applications for the Android platform (Kotlin and Javascript)- Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features.- Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability.- Work on bug fixing and improving application performance.- Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency.Education and ExperienceEducation: Bachelors/4 Yr DegreeYears of Relevant Work Experience: 5+Years"Must Have" Specific Knowledge and Skills Have 3 - 5 years of deep expertise working on mobile software consumer facing applications. Expert hands-on experience with Kotlin Expert knowledge of app development on Android and Gradle. Experience with MVVM Design pattern. Experience with testing frameworks like Espresso or similar technologies. Experience with Dependency Injection (Dagger). Knowledge of basic networking principles, internet protocol and APIs. Experience with REST, JSON, URL loading, and web services. Experience deploying to Google Play Store. Experience with Firebase Cloud Messaging or Google Cloud Messaging. Experience with Unit testing and Automated Device testing. Experience using JIRA. Experience using Mobile Attribution Platform. Expert Software development and debugging skills. Experience with peer review code evaluation processes. Expert with version control (git, Git-flow).Additional Skills and Other Requirements Excellent verbal and written communication skills.NO C2C OR THIRD PARTYSpherion has helped thousands of people just like you find work happiness! Our experienced staff will listen carefully to your employment needs and then work diligently to match your skills and qualifications to the right job and company. No one works harder for you than Spherion.Equal Opportunity Employer: Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, National Origin, Age, Genetic Information, Disability, Protected Veteran Status, or any other legally protected group status.At Spherion, we welcome people of all abilities and want to ensure that our hiring and interview process meets the needs of all applicants. If you require a reasonable accommodation to make your application or interview experience a great one, please contact Callcenter@spherion.com.Pay offered to a successful candidate will be based on several factors including the candidate's education, work experience, work location, specific job duties, certifications, etc. In addition, Spherion offers a comprehensive benefits package, including health, and an incentive and recognition program (all benefits are based on eligibility).For certain assignments, Covid-19 vaccination and/or testing may be required by Spherion's client or applicable federal mandate, subject to approved medical or religious accommodations. Carefully review the job posting for details on vaccine/testing requirements or ask your Spherion representative for more information Education: Bachelors/4 Yr Degree Years of Relevant Work Experience: 5+Years "Must Have" Specific Knowledge and Skills Have 3 - 5 years of deep expertise working on mobile software consumer facing applications Expert hands-on experience with Kotlin Expert knowledge of app development on Android and Gradle Experience with MVVM Design pattern Experience with testing frameworks like Espresso or similar technologies Experience with Dependency Injection (Dagger) Knowledge of basic networking principles, internet protocol and APIs Experience with REST, JSON, URL loading, and web services Experience deploying to Google Play Store Experience with Firebase Cloud Messaging or Google Cloud Messaging Experience with Unit testing and Automated Device testing Experience using JIRA Experience using Mobile Attribution Platform Expert Software development and debugging skills Experience with peer review code evaluation processes Expert with version control (git, Git-flow) Additional Skills and Other Requirements Excellent verbal and written communication skills NO C2C OR THIRD PARTY The candidate will work on the development team for customer support feature He/She is expected to develop robust and efficient code as per the business requirements Design and build advanced applications for the Android platform (Kotlin and Javascript) Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability Work on bug fixing and improving application performance Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency In addition, Spherion offers a comprehensive benefits package, including health, and an incentive and recognition program (all benefits are based on eligibility) 