At Sonos we want to create the ultimate listening experience for our customers and know that it starts by listening to each other. As part of the Sonos team, you'll collaborate with people of all styles, skill sets, and backgrounds to realize our vision while fostering a community where everyone feels included and empowered to do the best work of their lives.This role can be done from... homeBuilding the world's leading sound experience starts with the experience we provide for our people. That's why we've been distributed from the start: initially between offices in Boston & Santa Barbara, and now with additional offices in Seattle, San Francisco & Paris. This role can be done from anywhere in the United States or Canada - any of our offices, or remotely from home. It's about impact, not location.As a Senior Mobile Applications Software Engineer, you will be responsible for the software that our customers interact with every day. You will create experiences that allow users to configure their systems and control the content that they listen to. You will work on our Android Apps on multidisciplinary, agile teams.If you love music, solving ambitious software problems, and doing things the right way every time, we'd like to talk to you!What You'll Do Create technical designs for and implement features in the Sonos Android Apps. Collaborate with software engineers, PM, QA and UX to design and deliver unique, innovative new features that delight our customers. Participate in the team process, using Agile methodologies to adapt and continuously improve. Mentor your teammates in best practices for developing software.What You'll NeedBasic Qualifications You have experience programming in Kotlin & Java. You have an understanding of developing concurrent applications using Kotlin Coroutines. You have contributed to an App that is available in the Google Play Store. You are skilled at investigating issues and solving problems. You have experience with common source code control systems (e.g. git). Your written and verbal communication skills are strong. You have a degree in Computer Science or a related discipline OR relevant experience.Preferred Qualifications You may be experienced in the latest mobile UI development, such as Jetpack Compose. You may have experience using Google's Material Design. You may have experience generating unit and automation testing. You may be experienced with performance tuning mobile applications. You may have designed APIs.#LI-REMOTEWe consider a wide range of factors when determining compensation, which may cause compensation to vary depending on your skills, experience and qualifications. This job is also eligible for discretionary bonuses as well as an opportunity to become a Sonos shareholder because all full time employees are eligible for stock grants. The minimum base pay may be modified in the future based on changing market conditions. The starting minimum base pay for this role is:$152,000We offer a comprehensive package of benefits including open time off, medical/dental/vision insurance, 401(k), and other benefits subject to eligibility requirements.Note: No amount of pay is considered to be wages or compensation until such amount is earned, vested, and determinable. The amount and availability of any bonus, benefits, or any other form of compensation and benefits that are allocable to a particular employee remains in the Company's sole discretion unless and until paid and may be modified at the Company's sole discretion, consistent with the law.Your profile will be reviewed and you'll hear from us once we have an update. At Sonos we take the time to hire right and appreciate your patience.Notice to U.S. Job Applicants: Sonos is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics.Follow the links to review the and its . The pay transparency policy is available . Sonos is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations@sonos.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information You have experience programming in Kotlin & Java You have an understanding of developing concurrent applications using Kotlin Coroutines You have contributed to an App that is available in the Google Play Store You are skilled at investigating issues and solving problems You have experience with common source code control systems (e.g. git) Your written and verbal communication skills are strong You have a degree in Computer Science or a related discipline OR relevant experience As a Senior Mobile Applications Software Engineer, you will be responsible for the software that our customers interact with every day You will create experiences that allow users to configure their systems and control the content that they listen to You will work on our Android Apps on multidisciplinary, agile teams Create technical designs for and implement features in the Sonos Android Apps Collaborate with software engineers, PM, QA and UX to design and deliver unique, innovative new features that delight our customers Participate in the team process, using Agile methodologies to adapt and continuously improve Mentor your teammates in best practices for developing software We consider a wide range of factors when determining compensation, which may cause compensation to vary depending on your skills, experience and qualifications This job is also eligible for discretionary bonuses as well as an opportunity to become a Sonos shareholder because all full time employees are eligible for stock grants We offer a comprehensive package of benefits including open time off, medical/dental/vision insurance, 401(k), and other benefits subject to eligibility requirements The amount and availability of any bonus, benefits, or any other form of compensation and benefits that are allocable to a particular employee remains in the Company's sole discretion unless and until paid and may be modified at the Company's sole discretion, consistent with the law 