As a Technology team member, youre empowered to make an impact, employ your entrepreneurial spirit and build a career customized by you because at Rocket, you can. We are creating digital products that solve lifes most complex moments. Youll get the chance to shape the future of tech, have your voice heard, get ahead in your career and develop your skills. With a tech career here, there's no... limit to what you can achieve.Minimum Qualifications Bachelors degree in computer science, information technology, or a relevant field or equivalent experiencePreferred Qualifications 2 years of experience programming in Kotlin 1 year of experience in software testing and design 1 year of experience in database management as it relates to software development Proficiency in the Microsoft Office SuiteJob SummaryAs an Android Developer, you'll use various programming languages to develop, improve, test and/or maintain software that meets user needs.Responsibilities Work with a mentor or other software engineers to design, develop or modify software by using various programming languages depending on the need of the product(s) Modify existing software to fix errors, improve the overall quality and functionality or update integrations with other software Perform software testing procedures to ensure software functions as needed Translate business requirements and specifications into usable software Participate in design and code reviews Assist with delivery estimates Help with the deployment of softwareBenefits and PerksOur team members fuel our strategy, innovation and growth, so we ensure the health and well-being of not just you, but your family, too! We go above and beyond to give you the support you need on an individual level and offer all sorts of ways to help you live your best life. We are proud to offer eligible team members perks and health benefits that will help you have peace of mind. Simply put: Weve got your back. Check out our full list of Benefits and Perks.Who We AreRocket Companies is a Detroit-based company made up of businesses that provide simple, fast and trusted digital solutions for complex transactions. The name comes from our flagship business, now known as Rocket Mortgage, which was founded in 1985. Today, were a publicly traded company involved in many different industries, including mortgages, fintech, real estate, automotive and more. Were insistently different in how we look at the world and are committed to an inclusive workplace where every voice is heard. Were passionate about the work we do, and it shows. Weve been ranked #1 for Fortunes Best Large Workplaces in Financial Services and Insurance List in 2022, named #5 on People Magazines Companies That Care List in 2022 and recognized as #7 on Fortunes list of the 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2022.DisclaimerThis is an outline of the primary responsibilities of this position. As with everything in life, things change. The tasks and responsibilities can be changed, added to, removed, amended, deleted and modified at any time by the leadership group.We are proud equal opportunity employers and committed to providing an inclusive environment based on mutual respect for all candidates and team members. Employment decisions, including hiring decisions, are not based on race, color, religion, national origin, sex, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, military or veteran status or any other characteristic protected by state or federal law. We also provide reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities in accordance with state and federal law.Colorado, New York City, California, and Washington Candidates Only. The salary range for this position is fifty-one thousand dollars to one hundred seven thousand five hundred dollars. The position may also be eligible for an annual bonus and other employment-related benefits including, but not limited to, medical, dental, and vision benefits, 401K retirement plan, and paid-time off. More information regarding these benefits and others can be found here. The information regarding compensation and other benefits included in this paragraph is only an estimate and is subject to revision from time to time as the Company, in its sole and exclusive discretion, deems appropriate. The Company may determine during its review of the proposed compensation and benefits provided for this position, that the compensation and benefits for such position should be reduced. In no event will the Company reduce the compensation for the position to a level below the applicable jurisdictional minimum wage rate for the position Bachelors degree in computer science, information technology, or a relevant field or equivalent experience As an Android Developer, you'll use various programming languages to develop, improve, test and/or maintain software that meets user needs Work with a mentor or other software engineers to design, develop or modify software by using various programming languages depending on the need of the product(s) Modify existing software to fix errors, improve the overall quality and functionality or update integrations with other software Perform software testing procedures to ensure software functions as needed Translate business requirements and specifications into usable software Participate in design and code reviews Assist with delivery estimates Help with the deployment of software Our team members fuel our strategy, innovation and growth, so we ensure the health and well-being of not just you, but your family, too! We go above and beyond to give you the support you need on an individual level and offer all sorts of ways to help you live your best life We are proud to offer eligible team members perks and health benefits that will help you have peace of mind The position may also be eligible for an annual bonus and other employment-related benefits including, but not limited to, medical, dental, and vision benefits, 401K retirement plan, and paid-time off 