Why LogistiVIEW?Imagine this...Youre taking todays most cutting-edge technologies, and applying them to solve multi-$B challenges by thinking differently, and innovating to find answers. Youre working for a startup that Gartner named a Cool Vendor and the industry has awarded for innovation, our products, and our impact. Youre test-driving your code on wearable technology  the kind that most people only see in the movies.At LogistiVIEW youll be doing this and more - all in a days work. Join us to get hands on with Augmented Reality, Artificial Intelligence, and Computer Vision to engineer change.We are searching for a brilliant, flexible android developer to create mission critical enterprise software. To this end, the android developer's responsibilities include writing and proofreading code, liaising with coworkers within and outside of their department, and monitoring customers' feedback.To ensure success as an android developer, you should demonstrate proficiency in Java, working in an Agile development team .Android Developer Responsibilities: Conceptualizing and formulating mission critical enterprise software that is suitable for use on all types of Android devices. Implementing measures to safeguard users' data. Ensuring that the construction and presentation are congruent with the company's standards. Collaborating with UI and UX Designers, as well as Software Testers, to ensure that the software is presentable and in perfect working order. Liaising with the marketing department to ensure consistency in our company's 'voice' across the board. Creating updates, including bug fixes and additional features, for release. Providing tier 2 support for problem resolution as needed.Android Developer Requirements: Degree in software development, computer science, or similar. This job requires realavant experience of 5-7 years Proficiency in Java and Kotlin. Ability to use the Android Studio, including the Android SDK, with ease. Prior experience as an android developer is required. Excellent coding and proofreading skills. Top-notch teamwork and communication skills. Ability to manage your workload with minimal supervision. Availability to travel to corporate and customer sites (<10%) Unwavering curiosity.This is a remote work from home role based in the Phoenix area. Must be able to work EST, CST Time- Zones.We will not be able to provide Visa Sponsorship for this role.This is a Direct Hire role, we will not be working with any outside recrutiers to fill.Powered by JazzHRYyXzt2Q8RR Degree in software development, computer science, or similar This job requires realavant experience of 5-7 years Proficiency in Java and Kotlin Ability to use the Android Studio, including the Android SDK, with ease Prior experience as an android developer is required Excellent coding and proofreading skills Top-notch teamwork and communication skills Ability to manage your workload with minimal supervision Availability to travel to corporate and customer sites (<10%) Unwavering curiosity Must be able to work EST, CST Time- Zones To this end, the android developer's responsibilities include writing and proofreading code, liaising with coworkers within and outside of their department, and monitoring customers' feedback Conceptualizing and formulating mission critical enterprise software that is suitable for use on all types of Android devices Implementing measures to safeguard users' data Ensuring that the construction and presentation are congruent with the company's standards Collaborating with UI and UX Designers, as well as Software Testers, to ensure that the software is presentable and in perfect working order Liaising with the marketing department to ensure consistency in our company's 'voice' across the board Creating updates, including bug fixes and additional features, for release Providing tier 2 support for problem resolution as needed 