Tack Mobile is a well regarded software agency focused on mobile applications for IoT and home automation devices. We have a great culture, a flat org, and opportunities for profit sharing. We were started by software developers and designers over 10 years ago and remain true to that foundation. You'll have the opportunity to work on a variety of challenging IoT mobile projects, working alongside... talented developers, designers and project managers.We pride ourselves in our work environment, and have flexible policies and great benefits. We've moved to a mostly-remote hybrid model, so you will be working remote most of the time (if you chose to). We do have a great office environment for times you'll be in the office.We're focused on iOS and Android development, and our team chooses to make Tack their professional home because: Best of both worlds hybrid remote-office model. Highly competent expert development colleagues to collaborate with, learn from, and share your knowledge with. Dedicated mobile-focused design team to collaborate with on UX and UI issues. Highly agile development practice (really). Projects are well run. Flat structure, mostly senior developers. Everyone enjoys working well together  no tolerance policy for egos, or other than supportive teammates. Fun mix of highly visible and recognizable client projects. Competitive compensation and benefits. Good mix of tools (Jira, Git, Figma, we keep up to date). Leadership opportunitiesWe have always invested in our office and make it a fun place to be. We're dog friendly, we have easy parking, sit stand desks, snacks, and lounge areas.RequirementsFirst and foremost, senior level competency with iOS including Swift.Experience with Git is required.Many of our clients have hardware devices, so experience with BLE and similar technologies is a plus.We believe in the polyglot developer, so experience with associated technologies is always a plus.We are open to non-traditional candidates. We're interested in adding great developers to the team, regardless of background.While this is a mostly remote position, living near the Denver area is highly desired as we require one day per week in our Denver area office (which is very nice, by the way!).Must be legal to work in the US.BenefitsWe offer comprehensive benefits. Uniquely, we allow you to choose your own health care plan that works for you and your situation, and reimburse via a QSEHRA. QSEHRA, STD, LTD, life insurance Flexibile PTO Hybrid remote/office work environment. 401(k) with match after your first year BYOD program. We provide reimbursement, you pick your own laptop.The pay for this position has a salary range of $110,000.00 to $135,000.00. The actual salary offer will carefully consider a wide range of factors, including your skills, qualifications, experience and location.In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire Highly agile development practice (really) First and foremost, senior level competency with iOS including Swift Experience with Git is required Must be legal to work in the US Highly competent expert development colleagues to collaborate with, learn from, and share your knowledge with Competitive compensation and benefits Good mix of tools (Jira, Git, Figma, we keep up to date) We have always invested in our office and make it a fun place to be We offer comprehensive benefits Uniquely, we allow you to choose your own health care plan that works for you and your situation, and reimburse via a QSEHRA QSEHRA, STD, LTD, life insurance Flexibile PTO Hybrid remote/office work environment 401(k) with match after your first year BYOD program We provide reimbursement, you pick your own laptop The pay for this position has a salary range of $110,000.00 to $135,000.00 