Are you on the hunt for exciting new challenges that boost your professional growth? If youre an innovator by nature and a Senior iOS Developer by trade, wed love to hear from you! Read on to see if youd be a good fit for the Scopic team of 250+ professionals from over 40 countries.At Scopic, the virtual world is our home so this is a full-time remote position. Only apply if youre prepared... for the zero-hour commute and the thought of collaborating with colleagues from around the globe excites you!The skills and traits were looking for: 5+ years of experience in commercial software development Strong iOS programming skills Proficiency with OpenGL or another 3D API/library Good C/C++ programming skills are desired Experience with 3D, audio, video, and Objective-C is desired Experience with Augmented Reality is a plus Good English reading and writing skills Bachelors degree or higher Stable internet connection and home computer Overlap with PST (UTC-7) timezone is requiredThe secret ingredients that make us special: Your growth is our growth. We invest in your future with paid training and other professional opportunities. Were industry innovators at the forefront of change. Equipped with the latest technologies and a team of knowledgeable colleagues by your side, youll embrace new and interesting challenges. Your location. Your schedule  Pick your time-zone, choose your preferred hours, and work from the place where you feel most at home. Flexibility and freedom are in our DNA! As long as you have a stable internet connection and the drive to thrive, you can travel and work from anywhere you like. A workload you can rely on. Well set you enough tasks to keep that mind busy! At Scopic, well ensure you always have a consistent flow of engaging, challenging work to do. Recognition and reward. We acknowledge diligence and hard work through annual pay increases for good performance.Down to business! Rate Range : Negotiable depending on your skills, experience and your performance during our recruiting process. This is an hourly paid position.Our values:Scopic offers equal opportunity. We value diversity and do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, marital status, national origin, gender, veteran status, sexual orientation, age, or disability status.Have the skills, the drive, and the passion to join the Scopic family?Apply today to join our growing team of remote professionals from around the world 5+ years of experience in commercial software development Strong iOS programming skills Proficiency with OpenGL or another 3D API/library Good English reading and writing skills Bachelors degree or higher Stable internet connection and home computer Overlap with PST (UTC-7) timezone is required Your growth is our growth We invest in your future with paid training and other professional opportunities Flexibility and freedom are in our DNA! As long as you have a stable internet connection and the drive to thrive, you can travel and work from anywhere you like A workload you can rely on We acknowledge diligence and hard work through annual pay increases for good performance Rate Range : Negotiable depending on your skills, experience and your performance during our recruiting process 