Job DescriptionMarathonTS has an immediate need for engineers with US DOD security clearance for direct placement with our dynamic client. They are a company in the midst of amazing growth. National Security, Culture and employee engagement are the focus. Top-notch benefits and employee ownership make offers from our client pretty sweet. In addition, our client sponsors many social events... including game nights, CTF's, happy hours, and outings; voted one of Washingtonian's Top 50 Employers and Washington Business Journal's Top 100 Employers.We need talented folks who want to work on the forefront of cyber. We aren't talking network defense or basic IT security here. Our positions are mission focused and operational in nature. Projects will be undertaken in small teams with close coordination with customers to develop new or enhance existing tools.Required Qualifications 2+ years of expertise in software development - specifically Python, C/C++, Objective-C 2+ years of experience programming offensive tools and techniques Understanding of network cyber techniques to include application and mitigation 6 months+ of applied knowledge/experience developing and testing applications on Mac, Apple OS X and/or iOS environments Possess an intimate knowledge of designing and developing mobile end-to-end software solutions Experience writing applications using iOS Software Development Kit (SDK) Possession of a Security ClearanceDesired Qualifications Demonstrated understanding of low level systems development for Linux, Android and Windows OS Demonstrated experience in writing software in: Bash or JAVA Demonstrated experience performing Software Configuration Management#CJJOBSMarathon TS is committed to the development of a creative, diverse and inclusive work environment. In order to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals, employment decisions at Marathon TS will be based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. Marathon TS does not discriminate against any person because of race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, disability, age or any other characteristic protected by law (referred to as "protected status We need talented folks who want to work on the forefront of cyber We aren't talking network defense or basic IT security here 2+ years of expertise in software development - specifically Python, C/C++, Objective-C 2+ years of experience programming offensive tools and techniques Understanding of network cyber techniques to include application and mitigation 6 months+ of applied knowledge/experience developing and testing applications on Mac, Apple OS X and/or iOS environments Possess an intimate knowledge of designing and developing mobile end-to-end software solutions Experience writing applications using iOS Software Development Kit (SDK) Possession of a Security Clearance Projects will be undertaken in small teams with close coordination with customers to develop new or enhance existing tools 