Tack Mobile is above all else focused on creating the ideal culture for software developers. We believe you cannot deliver a good product without a solid team, and that is where our primary focus remains. We have no MBAs or external investors we were started by software developers and designers over 10 years ago and remain true to that foundation. We're focused on iOS and Android development... and our team chooses to make Tack their professional home because: Hybrid remote-office culture, work from the office once a week. Best of both worlds. Highly competent expert development colleagues to collaborate with, learn from, and share your knowledge with. Dedicated expert design team to collaborate with on UX and UI issues. Highly agile development practice. Projects are well run. Flat structure, mostly senior developers. Everyone enjoys working well together  zero tolerance policy for egos, or other than supportive teammates. Fun mix of highly visible and recognizable client projects. Competitive compensation and benefits. Good mix of tools (Jira, Git, Figma, we keep up to date). Leadership opportunitiesWe have always invested in our office and make it a fun place to be. We're dog friendly, we have easy parking, sit stand desks, snacks, and lounge areas.RequirementsFirst and foremost, senior level competency with iOS including Swift.Experience with Git is required.Many of our clients have hardware devices, so experience with BLE and similar technologies is a plus.We believe in the polyglot developer, so experience with associated technologies is always a plus.We are open to non-traditional candidates. We're interested in adding great developers to the team, regardless of background.While this is a mostly remote position, living near the Denver area is highly desired as we require one day per week in our Denver area office (which is very nice, by the way!).Must be legal to work in the US.BenefitsWe offer comprehensive benefits. Uniquely, we allow you to choose your own health care plan that works for you and your situation, and reimburse via a QSEHRA. QSEHRA, STD, LTD, life insurance Flexibile PTO Hybrid mostly remote work environment. 401(k) with match after your first year BYOD program. We provide reimbursement, you pick your own laptop. Charitable giving reimbursement Highly competent expert development colleagues to collaborate with, learn from, and share your knowledge with Dedicated expert design team to collaborate with on UX and UI issues Highly agile development practice First and foremost, senior level competency with iOS including Swift Experience with Git is required Must be legal to work in the US Hybrid remote-office culture, work from the office once a week Competitive compensation and benefits Good mix of tools (Jira, Git, Figma, we keep up to date) We have always invested in our office and make it a fun place to be We offer comprehensive benefits Uniquely, we allow you to choose your own health care plan that works for you and your situation, and reimburse via a QSEHRA QSEHRA, STD, LTD, life insurance Flexibile PTO Hybrid mostly remote work environment 401(k) with match after your first year BYOD program We provide reimbursement, you pick your own laptop Charitable giving reimbursement 