About UsTen Percent Happier is a vision and values driven organization that operates around the principles of self management, wholeness, and evolutionary purpose. Everything we do is aligned with our collective vision of a future world where all people develop the inner resources to cultivate happiness. Our mission is to help people see more clearly what leads to happiness (and what doesnt... by supporting the initiation and deepening of our customers' meditation practice.We work towards our vision of the world everyday through six shared values: Human First. We deeply care for each other, and we're unafraid of bringing this care into our work. We see, support, and celebrate each other as humans - flaws and all - with grace and compassion. Own Your Shit. We name our foibles, allowing us to work with them, rather than being driven blindly by them. Say The Hard Thing. We owe it to each other to speak up. Hard feedback, delivered skillfully, helps our colleagues grow and is great for business. Dont Side With Yourself. We have a deeply rooted tendency to cling to our views. We strive to escape our subjectivity and appreciate other perspectives. Build More Skateboards. Innovation requires rapid iteration and failure. World-changing ideas always start out woefully inadequate, even embarrassing. When we understand this, we stop criticizing the skateboards and start extending trust. For Us All. We welcome the innate value that comes from diverse experiences. We are invested in creating a collaborative and equitable work environment where each of us feels supported, valued, and recognized for our unique contribution to what we collectively produce, and where we each feel a sense of belonging.We ask interested folks to carefully assess their excitement about our vision and values as they are central to mutual happiness in any role at Ten Percent.Your RoleMaintain and improve overall app architecture, pay down tech debt, and collaborate with the product, design, and backend engineering teams to design, develop, and release consumer product features to our ever-growing user base.What you will do Write and review code written in Swift Contribute to the product development lifecycle, including helping to draft technical specs, leading the mobile development, defining QA guidelines, and releasing to users. Drive helpful conversations around technical issues, architecture, and engineering practices and suggest improvements and ideas as you see them. Stay informed on the latest news and trends in the iOS ecosystem and bring those learnings to the team for integration.What you will bring to the team 2+ years of professional software development experience designing/developing iOS applications Experience building responsive interfaces in UIKit using AutoLayout. An understanding of software design patterns and architecture. Experience using a reactive programming paradigm such as RxSwift or ReactiveSwift. Experience working with mobile databases such as Realm, SQLite, or Core Data Experience designing client-server APIs and implementing iOS networking layers. Bonus: Familiarity with iOS accessibility features, such as Dynamic Type and VoiceOver. Bonus: Familiarity with Android or Ruby on Rails.Who you will work with You will report directly to DeRon Brown, Director of Engineering (https://www.linkedin.com/in/deron-brown-20372012) You will work alongside: Jess Melanson-Thomas (https://www.linkedin.com/in/jessmelanson/) Hector Rodriguez (https://www.linkedin.com/in/hectorlr/) Anthony Moffa (https://www.linkedin.com/in/amoffa/) Peter Smith-Vondras (https://www.linkedin.com/in/peter-smith-vondras/)Why we think you'll like working here We work in a brand new dog-friendly office in downtown Boston (although your welcome to work remotely). Youll become a part of a growing company that is changing people's lives for the better. We foster a culture that values clear and kind communication. We're passionate about reasonable work hours, flexibility in getting work done, and respecting and valuing the whole life you live. You will be welcomed into a diverse and inclusive workplace where we learn from each other's experiences, abilities and perspectives. Well provide you with a competitive compensation package with equity. Youll be eligible for our full benefits package including traditional benefits like health and dental insurance as well as non-traditional benefits like our Growth & Development stipend.Our investment in Diversity, Equity and InclusionTen Percent Happier seeks to help people become happier, more connected, and more resilient in the face of lifes challenges. We aim to cultivate a culture that is steeped in the values and practices that we promote through our products and media channels. We welcome the cultural enrichment that comes from diverse experiences in education, class background, age, culture, ethnicity, race, color, sex, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, nation of origin, languages spoken, able-bodiedness, religion and beliefs. We are invested in creating a work environment that supports each of us in feeling valued and recognized for our unique contributions to what we collectively produce, and where we each feel a sense of belonging.Ten Percent Happier is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of any state or federally protected classes.If you require reasonable accommodation in completing an application, interviewing, completing any pre-employment exercises, or otherwise participating in the employee selection process, please email people at tenpercent.com.Currently Ten Percent Happier does not sponsor or take over sponsorship of an employment Visa. Applicants must be authorized to work for any employer in the U.S 2+ years of professional software development experience designing/developing iOS applications Experience building responsive interfaces in UIKit using AutoLayout An understanding of software design patterns and architecture Experience using a reactive programming paradigm such as RxSwift or ReactiveSwift Experience working with mobile databases such as Realm, SQLite, or Core Data Experience designing client-server APIs and implementing iOS networking layers Bonus: Familiarity with iOS accessibility features, such as Dynamic Type and VoiceOver Bonus: Familiarity with Android or Ruby on Rails Applicants must be authorized to work for any employer in the U.S Maintain and improve overall app architecture, pay down tech debt, and collaborate with the product, design, and backend engineering teams to design, develop, and release consumer product features to our ever-growing user base Write and review code written in Swift Contribute to the product development lifecycle, including helping to draft technical specs, leading the mobile development, defining QA guidelines, and releasing to users Drive helpful conversations around technical issues, architecture, and engineering practices and suggest improvements and ideas as you see them Stay informed on the latest news and trends in the iOS ecosystem and bring those learnings to the team for integration You will report directly to DeRon Brown, Director of Engineering (https://www.linkedin.com/in/deron-brown-20372012) We work in a brand new dog-friendly office in downtown Boston (although your welcome to work remotely) Youll become a part of a growing company that is changing people's lives for the better You will be welcomed into a diverse and inclusive workplace where we learn from each other's experiences, abilities and perspectives Well provide you with a competitive compensation package with equity Youll be eligible for our full benefits package including traditional benefits like health and dental insurance as well as non-traditional benefits like our Growth & Development stipend 