Who You Are You are a well-rounded engineer who has led the full life cycle of major projects. You know how to code...very, very well. You are comfortable in Swift and have a strong understanding of data structures and algorithms, building custom UI, and creating great user experiences... You care deeply about the user. You want to blow their mind. Youre a decisive builder, a shipper, and a craftsperson. You move fast and work hard. Youre comfortable working in a problem space with a lot of uncharted territory. You do the right thing. You are opinionated but open, you want the best idea to win.What Youll Do Youll be a key player with major influence on a small team, focused on the Here iOS experience. Youll build user-facing features for Here centered around personalization, real-time interaction, and high quality, reliable video communications. You have the opportunity (requirement) to continually learn, teach, and step outside your comfort zone. You will work closely with an experienced founding team and get exposed to the early days and decisions that will make a startup successful. You will be responsible for the end-to-end execution of projects - from conception, through implementation, and measurement - that change the trajectory of Here. As Here grows, your role will grow. We expect the early team to be exceptional, and to grow as exceptional leaders.Our team is small--youll be one of our first few hires--which means youll have a lot of responsibility from the start. Here is an entirely new approach to video and personalization. At our most basic level, were building the way people want to be together online with one another--were making the OS for hanging out. We run lots of experiments, we take risks, we ship some really weird stuff You are a well-rounded engineer who has led the full life cycle of major projects You know how to code...very, very well You are comfortable in Swift and have a strong understanding of data structures and algorithms, building custom UI, and creating great user experiences You care deeply about the user You are opinionated but open, you want the best idea to win You move fast and work hard Youre comfortable working in a problem space with a lot of uncharted territory Youll be a key player with major influence on a small team, focused on the Here iOS experience You will be responsible for the end-to-end execution of projects - from conception, through implementation, and measurement - that change the trajectory of Here 