Your OpportunityThis role will entail providing technical leadership for the team. This role is for a technical iOS lead within Schwabs in-house design system team. You should be able to help design, document, and develop components that will be used by many teams to help develop applications across Schwab's mobile products. In addition, help lead technical discussions, mentor developers on... the team, and help to plan and implement improvements to our codebases and processes. Strong collaboration skills working with QA, Design, Product, and Technology are required.What you are good at Strong depth of experience with iOS frameworks and SDK's. Ability to develop compelling user experiences while meeting the needs of mobile users. Prepare specifications, design, develop and support mobile components built to facilitate application development per our mobile standard processes. Assess and optimize designs through review, evaluation tools and analysis to ensure appropriate user experiences for Universal mobile apps (iPhone, iPad etc.) Assist mobile development teams with implementations using standardized components on various mobile devices. Create and perform automated UI and unit testing for the spectrum of mobile devices. Support development teams using our components in production and resolve and solve technical problems as needed.What you have 10+ years of native iOS development. Demonstrates extensive knowledge of Swift programming language. Experience with XCode IDE, Interface Builder and performance tools. Experience in developing reusable artifacts, modules, and assets. CI/CD Experience. Understanding of technical issues, designs, and standard methodologies Great interpersonal and communication skills enterprise development experience highly desirable Strong analytic, problem-solving, prioritization, decision-making and conflict resolution skills. Excellent written/verbal communication skills Strong collaboration skills working with QA, Design, Product, and Technology are required What you are good at Strong depth of experience with iOS frameworks and SDK's Ability to develop compelling user experiences while meeting the needs of mobile users 10+ years of native iOS development Demonstrates extensive knowledge of Swift programming language Experience with XCode IDE, Interface Builder and performance tools Experience in developing reusable artifacts, modules, and assets CI/CD Experience Understanding of technical issues, designs, and standard methodologies Strong analytic, problem-solving, prioritization, decision-making and conflict resolution skills Excellent written/verbal communication skills This role will entail providing technical leadership for the team This role is for a technical iOS lead within Schwabs in-house design system team You should be able to help design, document, and develop components that will be used by many teams to help develop applications across Schwab's mobile products In addition, help lead technical discussions, mentor developers on the team, and help to plan and implement improvements to our codebases and processes Prepare specifications, design, develop and support mobile components built to facilitate application development per our mobile standard processes Assess and optimize designs through review, evaluation tools and analysis to ensure appropriate user experiences for Universal mobile apps (iPhone, iPad etc.) Assist mobile development teams with implementations using standardized components on various mobile devices Create and perform automated UI and unit testing for the spectrum of mobile devices Support development teams using our components in production and resolve and solve technical problems as needed 