Our mobile app is accessed by millions of clients. Vanguard remains heavily committed to delivering a world-class mobile experience and are looking for individuals who are outstanding at developing mobile apps. This is an opportunity where you can help us build our new iOS and Android native apps. Join a fun, collaborative, multi-functional team where you can grow your professional career while... working with some of the most sophisticated technology in the field!What it takes: Demonstrated experience with software engineering fundamentals including object-oriented design, data structures, dependency injection, testable code, and algorithms. Latest iOS SDK / XCode. Swift 5 Minimum 3 years in software engineering with 3 - 5+ years as an iOS developer. Undergraduate degree in software engineering or a related field, equivalent training, and experience.Experience with or passion to learn:CI/CD Pipeline (Bamboo / Fastlane)Honeycomb, SplunkNodeJSIn this role you will: Use modern technology and a data-driven attitude to release new versions of our app every two weeks. Collaborate with Scrum Masters and Product Owners to prioritize work relative to both delivering business value and addressing technical debt. Leads system analysis, design, development, and implementation for our existing mobile native applications. Translate stories into design & code. Develop well-engineered code and test artifacts backed by automated tests. Research and employ modern software development techniques to ensure quality and improve velocity of the team. Lay out a technical vision for your product. Elevate code into the development, test, and production environments on schedule. Provides follow-up production support and change controls. Follow Agile software development methodology and architecture standards. Lead in design, code, and test inspections throughout life cycle to identify issues. Contribute to an inclusive and highly collaborative environment for the team.Important Factors:Work must be performed in the U.S.Vanguard is not offering visa sponsorship for this position.About VanguardWe are Vanguard. Together, we're changing the way the world invests.For us, investing doesn't just end in value. It starts with values. Because when you invest with courage, when you invest with clarity, and when you invest with care, you can get so much more in return. We invest with purpose - and that's how we've become a global market leader. Here, we grow by doing the right thing for the people we serve. And so can you.We want to make success accessible to everyone. This is our opportunity. Let's make it count.Inclusion StatementVanguard's continued commitment to diversity and inclusion is firmly rooted in our culture. Every decision we make to best serve our clients, crew (internally employees are referred to as crew), and communities is guided by one simple statement: "Do the right thing."We believe that a critical aspect of doing the right thing requires building diverse, inclusive, and highly effective teams of individuals who are as unique as the clients they serve. We empower our crew to contribute their distinct strengths to achieving Vanguard's core purpose through our values.When all crew members feel valued and included, our ability to collaborate and innovate is amplified, and we are united in delivering on Vanguard's core purpose.Our core purpose: To take a stand for all investors, to treat them fairly, and to give them the best chance for investment success.Future of WorkDuring the pandemic, we transitioned to a work from home model for the majority of our crew and we continue to interview, hire, and on-board future crew remotely.As we have developed the path forward, we have taken a thoughtful approach that both maximizes the advantages of working remotely and the many benefits of coming together and collaborating in a shared workspace. We believe that in-person interactions among our crew are important for preserving our unique culture and advantageous for the personal development of our crew.When our Crew return to the office, many will work in our hybrid model. A smaller proportion of our crew will operate in the Work from Home work model (for example, field sales crew); or in the Work from Office model (for example, portfolio managers).The working model that your role falls into will be communicated to you in the interview process - please do ask if you are unsure. We encourage you to make the decision regarding your job interview and offer knowing which model your role will fall into. We will test and learn as our ways of working evolve and will continue to evaluate working models along the way Demonstrated experience with software engineering fundamentals including object-oriented design, data structures, dependency injection, testable code, and algorithms Latest iOS SDK / XCode Swift 5 Minimum 3 years in software engineering with 3 - 5+ years as an iOS developer Undergraduate degree in software engineering or a related field, equivalent training, and experience Work must be performed in the U.S Use modern technology and a data-driven attitude to release new versions of our app every two weeks Collaborate with Scrum Masters and Product Owners to prioritize work relative to both delivering business value and addressing technical debt Leads system analysis, design, development, and implementation for our existing mobile native applications Translate stories into design & code Develop well-engineered code and test artifacts backed by automated tests Research and employ modern software development techniques to ensure quality and improve velocity of the team Lay out a technical vision for your product Elevate code into the development, test, and production environments on schedule Provides follow-up production support and change controls Follow Agile software development methodology and architecture standards Lead in design, code, and test inspections throughout life cycle to identify issues Contribute to an inclusive and highly collaborative environment for the team 