Job DescriptioniOS Developer - Analysis/Research Looking for an iOS developer who has experience with Swift and Objective C. This person will be analyzing complex apps so they must have experience and a thorough understanding of how apps are designed and built from the ground up. This person won't be building apps themselves, but that level of understanding and experience will be required... Experience with app analysis technologies/research would be a home run. Required:  5+ years of iOS development experience.  Experience and understanding of how iOS apps are built from scratch.  Objective C experience.  Solid Swift experience.  Experience with iOS frameworks - iOS Automation, Appium, WebDriver.  Someone that knows how iOS frameworks work - How apps work with SDKs, development cycles, app approval processes, etc.  Experience and/or knowledge of how to analyze apps. Look at SDKs, data types, etc.  Ability to understand the architecture of hundreds of apps.  Building app analysis technologies but not building apps themselves. Note: Any pay ranges displayed are estimations. Actual pay is determined by an applicant's experience, technical expertise, and other qualifications as listed in the job description. All qualified applicants are welcome to apply. Yoh, a Day & Zimmermann company, is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran. Visit -with-disabilities to contact us if you are an individual with a disability and require accommodation in the application process iOS Developer - Analysis/Research Looking for an iOS developer who has experience with Swift and Objective C. This person will be analyzing complex apps so they must have experience and a thorough understanding of how apps are designed and built from the ground up This person won't be building apps themselves, but that level of understanding and experience will be required Experience with app analysis technologies/research would be a home run 5+ years of iOS development experience Objective C experience Solid Swift experience Experience with iOS frameworks - iOS Automation, Appium, WebDriver Someone that knows how iOS frameworks work - How apps work with SDKs, development cycles, app approval processes, etc Experience and/or knowledge of how to analyze apps Look at SDKs, data types, etc Ability to understand the architecture of hundreds of apps Building app analysis technologies but not building apps themselves 