HOMER, part of the BEGiN family, has a new opportunity for a contract Senior iOS Engineer to join our team! This role can be remote based in select US locations*. This is a W2 temporary contract role.BEGiN is an award-winning educational technology company with world-wide impact. With products that are as effective as they are fun, BEGiNs family of brands builds critical skills for school and... life.Were a diverse team of talented people passionate about creating educational content kids love. At BEGiN, we have the rare opportunity to make a dent in the universe by bringing high-quality at-home learning to kids globally!Reporting to our Digital Products Engineering Manager, the Senior iOS Engineer will be responsible for maintaining reliable, scalable, high-performance mobile apps and internal SDKs for iOS-based systems, contributing to software architecture and driving best practices that enable a quality product.You will: Make direct technical contributions (writing, debugging, reviewing and deploying code). Provide technical guidance and feedback to your team members on a team distributed in several time-zones using agile project management methodologies. Contribute to technical design of applications and participate in larger system design efforts. Build automated tests and help maintain existing test suites. Write responsive UIs using UIKitMust Haves: Demonstrable expertise designing and building native iOS applications and shared frameworks (SDKs). Proficiency in Swift, Objective-C and knowledge of the iOS SDKs and Apple ecosystem. Experience shipping one or more iOS apps Expertise in package management systems (Carthage, SPM) Experience with app automation via fastlane and familiarity with CI / CD pipelines Experience with industry design patterns such as coordinators / MVVM At least 5 years of relevant work experience (or undergraduate degree in Computer Science and 3 years of relevant work experience).Nice-to-Haves: Experience with reactive app architecture patterns (ReSwift) Familiarity or experience working with GraphQL APIs. Familiarity or experience working with Android development (Kotlin, Compose) Familiarity with web technologies and languages (JavaScript, React, Node, CSS). Familiarity or experience working with Unity (C#) Experience with making products based on data and A/B testing. Experience consuming data from web services.We like people who: Are open to suggestions, collaborative, and thrive in team environments Love and are willing to learn new technologies and styles Are scrappy, entrepreneurial with the ability to turn around high-quality projects quickly without depending on a large teamWhat youll get: BEGiN offers competitive compensation including equity and full benefits. Smart, passionate, and engaged co-workers. Excellent top-tier Medical/Dental/Vision benefits The chance to have a big impact, quickly The rare opportunity to make a dent in the universe. Were bringing a love of reading and learning to children globally! Remote Locations: AL, AZ, CA, CT, FL, GA, ID, IL, KS, MD, MA, MN, MO, NE, NV, NY, NC, OH, OR, PA, TN, TX, VT, VA, WA.This role is not eligible for CO state.Salary: $70/hr - $85/hr. This information reflects the anticipated base salary range for this position based on current national data. Minimums and maximums may vary based on location and other relevant factors. We're able to answer any additional questions you may have as you move through the interview process.BEGiN is a proud equal-opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.At BEGiN, we are committed to building a diverse team of talented people who are passionate about creating educational content kids love. We believe in fostering a culture where productivity can flourish, one that is empathetic, respectful, and inclusive. At BEGiN, we know that diversity, equity, and inclusion arent just an idea, a one-time initiative, or phrases to throw into a job post: theyre a daily practice and an ongoing conversation. We survey our team about inclusivity, run training on DEI topics, and have a committee to ensure we are all continuing to learn and grow.#LI-Remote#LI-JP1 Demonstrable expertise designing and building native iOS applications and shared frameworks (SDKs) Proficiency in Swift, Objective-C and knowledge of the iOS SDKs and Apple ecosystem Experience shipping one or more iOS apps Expertise in package management systems (Carthage, SPM) Experience with app automation via fastlane and familiarity with CI / CD pipelines Experience with industry design patterns such as coordinators / MVVM At least 5 years of relevant work experience (or undergraduate degree in Computer Science and 3 years of relevant work experience) Experience with reactive app architecture patterns (ReSwift) Familiarity or experience working with GraphQL APIs Familiarity or experience working with Android development (Kotlin, Compose) Familiarity with web technologies and languages (JavaScript, React, Node, CSS) Familiarity or experience working with Unity (C#) Experience with making products based on data and A/B testing Experience consuming data from web services Are open to suggestions, collaborative, and thrive in team environments Love and are willing to learn new technologies and styles Are scrappy, entrepreneurial with the ability to turn around high-quality projects quickly without depending on a large team Make direct technical contributions (writing, debugging, reviewing and deploying code) Provide technical guidance and feedback to your team members on a team distributed in several time-zones using agile project management methodologies Contribute to technical design of applications and participate in larger system design efforts Build automated tests and help maintain existing test suites Write responsive UIs using UIKit BEGiN offers competitive compensation including equity and full benefits Smart, passionate, and engaged co-workers Excellent top-tier Medical/Dental/Vision benefits The chance to have a big impact, quickly Salary: $70/hr - $85/hr This information reflects the anticipated base salary range for this position based on current national data 