The front page of the internet," Reddit brings over 430 million people together each month through their common interests, inviting them to share, vote, comment, and create across thousands of communities. This role is for our Developer Platform team. Reddit already has tens of thousands of creative developers building against our simple API, but we want to give them much broader abilities... Through the introduction of apps and plugins, were looking to transform members experiences and interactions. r/wallstreetbets should have stock tickers, r/photoshopbattles should have an image gallery, and r/nba should have live scores.The Dev Platform team is working on the platform to make this happen, and were looking for someone to bring it to iOS and mobile.What youll do: Develop a foundational system for 3rd party developers to build cross-platform UI on Reddit. Build a delightful developer experience as well as consumption experience. Work as part of a small team (<5 people), contributing to a large iOS codebase (100+ engineers). Collaborate cross-functionally with design, product, and engineering counterparts Be both a mentee and mentor to other iOS developers.Who were looking for: Experience in developing platform features for iOS. Experience with building UI using modern patterns (e.g. UIKit, Slicekit, SwiftUI, MVVM) Track record of working in both small and large iOS orgs Basic familiarity with Javascript (bonus: JavascriptCore!) Willingness to work on a zero to one product.Reddit is continuing to grow our teams with the best talent. This role is completely remote friendly and will continue to be for the future.Benefits: Comprehensive Health benefits 401k Matching Workspace benefits for your home office Personal & Professional development funds Family Planning Support Flexible Vacation & Reddit Global Days Off 4+ months paid Parental Leave Paid Volunteer time offPay Transparency:This job posting may span more than one career level.In addition to base salary, this job is eligible to receive equity in the form of restricted stock units, and depending on the position offered, it may also be eligible to receive a commission. Additionally, Reddit offers a wide range of benefits to U.S.-based employees, including medical, dental, and vision insurance, 401(k) program with employer match, generous time off for vacation, and parental leave. To learn more, please visit https://www.redditinc.com/careers/.To provide greater transparency to candidates, we share base pay ranges for all US-based job postings regardless of state. We set standard base pay ranges for all roles based on function, level, and country location, benchmarked against similar stage growth companies. Final offer amounts are determined by multiple factors including, skills, depth of work experience and relevant licenses/credentials, and may vary from the amounts listed below.The base pay range for this position is: $183,500 - $275,300 Experience in developing platform features for iOS Experience with building UI using modern patterns (e.g UIKit, Slicekit, SwiftUI, MVVM) Track record of working in both small and large iOS orgs Basic familiarity with Javascript (bonus: JavascriptCore!) Willingness to work on a zero to one product Develop a foundational system for 3rd party developers to build cross-platform UI on Reddit Build a delightful developer experience as well as consumption experience Work as part of a small team (<5 people), contributing to a large iOS codebase (100+ engineers) Collaborate cross-functionally with design, product, and engineering counterparts Comprehensive Health benefits 401k Matching Workspace benefits for your home office Personal & Professional development funds Family Planning Support Flexible Vacation & Reddit Global Days Off 4+ months paid Parental Leave Paid Volunteer time off Additionally, Reddit offers a wide range of benefits to U.S.-based employees, including medical, dental, and vision insurance, 401(k) program with employer match, generous time off for vacation, and parental leave The base pay range for this position is: $183,500 - $275,300 