Title: iOS DeveloperLocation: Work from office in Dallas, TX (NO REMOTE...Job SummaryWe are looking for an iOS Developer to work in our clients Dallas, TX office.Below are the details:This is an Urgent role and it is open for Visa Independent candidates. Design and build application for iOS platform. Collaborate with product owners, design team, API team, core and platform engineers to define, design and ship new features. Ensure the performance, quality and responsiveness of the application. Ensure device and operating system version compatibility. Identify and correct bottlenecks and fix bugs. Manage the lifecycle and SDLC process of the application all the way to production release. Help maintain code quality, organization and automation. Ensure unit testing, snapshot testing, manual and automated testing is completed for every feature delivery. You will be working as part of our global team, and will shape and implement our strategic vision of a consumer-grade, industry leading, Digital Experience. You will participate in to a world-class engineering culture, while integrating business value and client experience within the team. You will also be responsible to develop supportable software and liaise with our SRE (Site Reliability Engineering) team to factor in their requirements. We are looking for someone with lots of energy that has excellent communication skills, enjoys engineering challenges, has a passion to deliver high quality technology products and is able to operate in a highly fluid, rapidly changing environment. If that's you, we would like to hear from you.Basic Qualifications: BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field involving programming or systems engineering. 5 years of proven experience as an App developer. Experience as an iOS App developer. Proficient in SwiftUI 4.0, XCode 14, Cocoa Touch. Extensive experience with iOS frameworks such as Core Data and Core Animation. Experience with on device storage, threading and performance tuning. Familiarity with RESTful and GraphQL APIs to connect application to backend services. Understanding of Apple's design principles and interface guidelines. Knowledge of iOS back-end services. Knowledge of Apple's design principles and application interface guidelines. Proficient in code versioning tools such as Git. Experience with Continuous Integration. Proven to work independently in a fast paced and often multi-direction work environment. Prior experience with working on high availability, mission critical systems.Preferred Qualifications: Proven track record of building iOS apps Experience with AWS Experience with Transaction Banking, Payment domain Experience in Financial Services or Fintech Experience with managing app versioning Comfort with Agile operating models (practical experience of Scrum / Kanban) Familiarity with push notifications Experience with app management tools such as Firebase Familiarity with iOS mobile testing products like Perfecto Experience with test automation frameworks like Appium. Knowledge of best practices for writing secure mobile appsAbout CapgeminiCapgemini is a global leader in partnering with companies to transform and manage their business by harnessing the power of technology. The Group is guided everyday by its purpose of unleashing human energy through technology for an inclusive and sustainable future. It is a responsible and diverse organization of over 360,000 team members in more than 50 countries. With its strong 55-year heritage and deep industry expertise, Capgemini is trusted by its clients to address the entire breadth of their business needs, from strategy and design to operations, fueled by the fast evolving and innovative world of cloud, data, AI, connectivity, software, digital engineering and platforms. The Group reported in 2022 global revenues of 22 billion.Get The Future You Want |DisclaimerCapgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law.This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship.Click the following link for more information on your rights as an ApplicantApplicants for employment in the US must have valid work authorization that does not now and/or will not in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the US by Capgemini Design and build application for iOS platform We are looking for someone with lots of energy that has excellent communication skills, enjoys engineering challenges, has a passion to deliver high quality technology products and is able to operate in a highly fluid, rapidly changing environment BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field involving programming or systems engineering 5 years of proven experience as an App developer Experience as an iOS App developer Proficient in SwiftUI 4.0, XCode 14, Cocoa Touch Extensive experience with iOS frameworks such as Core Data and Core Animation Experience with on device storage, threading and performance tuning Familiarity with RESTful and GraphQL APIs to connect application to backend services Knowledge of iOS back-end services Knowledge of Apple's design principles and application interface guidelines Proficient in code versioning tools such as Git Experience with Continuous Integration Proven to work independently in a fast paced and often multi-direction work environment Prior experience with working on high availability, mission critical systems Collaborate with product owners, design team, API team, core and platform engineers to define, design and ship new features Ensure the performance, quality and responsiveness of the application Ensure device and operating system version compatibility Identify and correct bottlenecks and fix bugs Manage the lifecycle and SDLC process of the application all the way to production release Help maintain code quality, organization and automation Ensure unit testing, snapshot testing, manual and automated testing is completed for every feature delivery You will be working as part of our global team, and will shape and implement our strategic vision of a consumer-grade, industry leading, Digital Experience 