Job DescriptionPosition: IOS Developer...Location: Fremont CADuration: Long TermPosition OverviewWells Fargo is looking for passionate iOS Developer(Lead / Senior) in the Digital Technology and Innovation group which supports evolving digital platforms and enhances integration of the innovation pipeline into their customer-facing iOS version of product.Functions played by this role: Design, code, test, debug, and document for projects and programs Lead complex technology initiatives including those that are companywide with broad impact Act as a key participant in developing standards and companywide best practices for engineering complex and large scale technology solutions for technology engineering disciplines Review and analyze complex, large-scale technology solutions for tactical and strategic business objectives, enterprise technological environment, and technical challenges that require in-depth evaluation of multiple factors, including intangibles or unprecedented technical factors Make decisions in developing standard and companywide best practices for engineering and technology solutions requiring understanding of industry best practices and new technologies, influencing and leading technology team to meet deliverables and drive new initiatives Collaborate and consult with key technical experts, senior technology team, and external industry groups to resolve complex technical issues and achieve goals Lead projects, teams, or serve as a peer mentor Education qualification - It is not mandatory for US employees. Basic iOS knowledge - iOS SDK, Xcode, UIKits, Objective-C etc. Advance and must have iOS Knowledge - Swift, SwiftUI with CombineResponsibilities Design, write and build application for the iOS platform. Collaborate with the team (developers, designers, product owners, QA) to define, design, and ship new features. Implement new product features and support existing ones. Replace old technology with new technology. Prepare test plan, test cases and Execute/automate them. Identify and correct bottlenecks and fix bugsPreferred qualifications and capabilities: Bachelor degree in Computer Science related subjects or equivalent with 5-9 years of experience in iOS or MacOSX platform. Expert knowledge of iOS SDK, XCode and other associated tools for development, debugging and instrumentation. Experience with concepts of iOS - Swift, SwiftUI, SwiftUI with Combine, asynchronous programming, background task, functional reactive programming, dependency injection etc. Good understanding and experience with Design patterns like MVVM, MVP, MVC, singleton etc In depth Understanding of Apples recommended design principles, interface guidelines and best practices for coding. Good knowledge of Data Structures, Algorithms and OS. Experience in Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0, 2.1 or a combination of both. Working knowledge on iOS accessibility frameworks and capabilities including Focus, Voice over, BLE focus etc. Experience/exposure with different testing methods or practices like Behavioral Driven Development (BDD), Test-Driven Development (TDD), and Acceptance Test-Driven Development (TDD). For clarity - TDD, BDD are NOT mandatory but code coverage more than 90% is mandatory. Experience with Agile development methodology (preferably scrum), continuous integration and tools (GIT, JIRA etc.) used to achieve the same. Experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems. Familiar with performance optimizations and trends. Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations. Willing to go the extra mile to do things right and fast. Able to learn large scale complex systems quickly.Report this job Dice Id: 90933350 Position Id: 7829980 Education qualification - It is not mandatory for US employees Basic iOS knowledge - iOS SDK, Xcode, UIKits, Objective-C etc Advance and must have iOS Knowledge - Swift, SwiftUI with Combine For clarity - TDD, BDD are NOT mandatory but code coverage more than 90% is mandatory Experience with Agile development methodology (preferably scrum), continuous integration and tools (GIT, JIRA etc.) used to achieve the same Experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems Familiar with performance optimizations and trends Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations Willing to go the extra mile to do things right and fast Able to learn large scale complex systems quickly Design, code, test, debug, and document for projects and programs Lead complex technology initiatives including those that are companywide with broad impact Act as a key participant in developing standards and companywide best practices for engineering complex and large scale technology solutions for technology engineering disciplines Review and analyze complex, large-scale technology solutions for tactical and strategic business objectives, enterprise technological environment, and technical challenges that require in-depth evaluation of multiple factors, including intangibles or unprecedented technical factors Make decisions in developing standard and companywide best practices for engineering and technology solutions requiring understanding of industry best practices and new technologies, influencing and leading technology team to meet deliverables and drive new initiatives Collaborate and consult with key technical experts, senior technology team, and external industry groups to resolve complex technical issues and achieve goals Lead projects, teams, or serve as a peer mentor Design, write and build application for the iOS platform Collaborate with the team (developers, designers, product owners, QA) to define, design, and ship new features Implement new product features and support existing ones Replace old technology with new technology Prepare test plan, test cases and Execute/automate them Identify and correct bottlenecks and fix bugs 