Job Description:Job DescriptionRole: Senior Developer (IOS Mobile Apps... Create apps for iOS and OS X. Ensure application performance, quality, and responsiveness. Work as part of a team to define, create, and launch new features. Identify and repair bottlenecks, as well as defects. Understand requirements and translate designs and wireframes into code. Identify and fix bugs to improve performance. Coordinating with the design and test teams to create apps with high performance. Work with APIs and data sources as per the requirements. Help maintain code quality, reusability, and continuous code evaluation. Discover and implement new technologies to improve the developer experience. Unit-testing of code to ensure bug-free, reliable, and best user experience. Collaborate with the team members to plan, develop, and ship new features. Implement security measures in line with overall security objectives. Educate staff members through training and individual support. Offer support by responding to system problems in a timely manner. Understand and document data flows in and between different systems/applications Guidance to developers in preparing functional/technical specs to define reporting requirement and ETL process. Minimum 7 years of experience as Developer working with iOS mobile apps. Retail Ecommerce domain exp. Hands on knowledge in designing and delivering iOS mobile applications and should be well versed in iOS mobile app development concepts and fundamental. Should be independently able to contribute development for mobile app applications. Should be well versed in managing product scalability and performance. Cloud experience knowledge is desirable (Preferably Azure). Should have very good communication skill and should be able to assess and analyze work with client independently. Should have knowledge on Agile Methodologies.--Report this job Dice Id: 91130766 Position Id: 7879237 Are you interested in this job? Please apply from Salary.comJob ID: j202305050156429787778Recommended Job Skills: Concept Development, Conceptual DesignAverage Estimate Salary for an IOS Developer: $42.27 to $54.09This data is calculated using netizen feedback data. To get the most accurate number for your company jobs in your locations, use our subscription products: https://www.salary.com/companalyst Minimum 7 years of experience as Developer working with iOS mobile apps Retail Ecommerce domain exp Hands on knowledge in designing and delivering iOS mobile applications and should be well versed in iOS mobile app development concepts and fundamental Should be independently able to contribute development for mobile app applications Should be well versed in managing product scalability and performance Should have very good communication skill and should be able to assess and analyze work with client independently Should have knowledge on Agile Methodologies Recommended Job Skills: Concept Development, Conceptual Design Ensure application performance, quality, and responsiveness Work as part of a team to define, create, and launch new features Identify and repair bottlenecks, as well as defects Understand requirements and translate designs and wireframes into code Identify and fix bugs to improve performance Coordinating with the design and test teams to create apps with high performance Work with APIs and data sources as per the requirements Help maintain code quality, reusability, and continuous code evaluation Discover and implement new technologies to improve the developer experience Unit-testing of code to ensure bug-free, reliable, and best user experience Collaborate with the team members to plan, develop, and ship new features Implement security measures in line with overall security objectives Educate staff members through training and individual support Offer support by responding to system problems in a timely manner Understand and document data flows in and between different systems/applications Average Estimate Salary for an IOS Developer: $42.27 to $54.09 