Welcome To The Traegerhood:Our business is BBQ, and business tastes good. Traeger invented the wood pellet grill over 30 years ago, and weve been revolutionizing outdoor cooking ever since. Were a team of disruptors, innovators, problem solvers, and food fanatics who are dedicated to bringing people together to create a more flavorful world. From our headquarters in Salt Lake City and beyond... we work tirelessly to provide a world-class experience to our customers, retailers, and especially our employees. If youre a team player whos dedicated to delivering top-quality results every day, then we want you to come cook with us!What You'll Do:As a Traeger iOS Developer you will collaborate with product managers, other developers and project managers to determine the requirements for proprietary mobile platforms. You will plan, design, develop and test iOS applications. This role collaborates with analysts, other developers and project managers to determine the requirements for custom mobile applications, the mobile program's appearance, the functions that the application must perform and the integration requirements. This individual designs and codes the app using knowledge of the mobile platform, cross-platform development tools and relevant software languages. You may also work on mobile security areas such as mobile data management required for the application. During these processes, modifications may be made until the application functions as planned. You will also provide support for released applications by fixing bugs and uploading upgraded versions. Requires expert knowledge of integrated development platforms such as iOS SDK.How You Will Help Us Win: Maintain and improve the Traeger app Collaborate with other teams to build new features and support new products Keep the app updated with the latest iOS technologies Write unit tests for existing and new functionalityWhat You'll Need to Succeed: 2+ years of iOS app development experience in Swift Experience with iOS SDKs and technologies such as SwiftUI, Combine, and Swift Package Manager Understanding of MVVM architecture Experience with IoT technologies a plus Willingness to seek out new innovations and technologies to enhance customer experienceWhy You Will Love To Work Here: Be part of the most disruptive force in outdoor cooking Join a true team working towards a common goal Culture of risk-taking, innovation & quality So.Much. Food. Have an outdoor lovers paradise in your backyard Full medical/dental/vision packages to fit your needs 401K to help you plan for the future Tuition reimbursement Individual professional development programs & initiatives to help you grow professionally Great discounts on all things Traeger Did we mention all the food Requires expert knowledge of integrated development platforms such as iOS SDK 2+ years of iOS app development experience in Swift Experience with iOS SDKs and technologies such as SwiftUI, Combine, and Swift Package Manager Understanding of MVVM architecture Willingness to seek out new innovations and technologies to enhance customer experience As a Traeger iOS Developer you will collaborate with product managers, other developers and project managers to determine the requirements for proprietary mobile platforms You will plan, design, develop and test iOS applications This role collaborates with analysts, other developers and project managers to determine the requirements for custom mobile applications, the mobile program's appearance, the functions that the application must perform and the integration requirements You will also provide support for released applications by fixing bugs and uploading upgraded versions Maintain and improve the Traeger app Collaborate with other teams to build new features and support new products Keep the app updated with the latest iOS technologies Write unit tests for existing and new functionality Culture of risk-taking, innovation & quality So.Much Full medical/dental/vision packages to fit your needs 401K to help you plan for the future Tuition reimbursement Individual professional development programs & initiatives to help you grow professionally Great discounts on all things Traeger 