Immediate need for a talented iOS Developer with experience in the Industry. This is a 12+ Months Contract opportunity with long-term potential and is located in San Francisco, CA(Hybrid). Please review the job description below.Job ID: 23-19554...Pay Range: $63 - $68/hour. Employee benefits include, but are not limited to, health insurance (medical, dental, vision), 401(k) plan, and paid sick leave (depending on work location).Key Responsibilities: Design, Develop & Prototype iOS native customer application for phone and tablets for internal and external use. Participate in full app life-cycle: concept , design, build, deploy, test and release to app store Work with product teams on new product ideas, designs, prototypes and estimate. Keep up-to-date on current and upcoming features in relevant products and platforms. Drive a best practices approach to the continuous improvement of our products, processes, and tools. BS or other advanced degree is required. Write and maintain documentation for all features in development.Key Requirements and Technology Experience: Experience working with iOS development including Swift & Kotlin is required. Demonstrated interest in technology, technology-related issues and analytical analysis. High performance and standards as demonstrated by academic or previous job experience. Effective collaborator with both non-technical and technical team members. Motivated self-starter with a high attention to detail. Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, team-based environment. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Strong focus on troubleshooting and issue resolution.Our client is a leading Banking & Financial Industry and we are currently interviewing to fill this and other similar contract positions. If you are interested in this position, please apply online for immediate consideration.Pyramid Consulting, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.Company DescriptionPyramid Consulting, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws Immediate need for a talented iOS Developer with experience in the Industry BS or other advanced degree is required Experience working with iOS development including Swift & Kotlin is required Demonstrated interest in technology, technology-related issues and analytical analysis High performance and standards as demonstrated by academic or previous job experience Effective collaborator with both non-technical and technical team members Motivated self-starter with a high attention to detail Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, team-based environment Strong written and verbal communication skills Strong focus on troubleshooting and issue resolution Design, Develop & Prototype iOS native customer application for phone and tablets for internal and external use Participate in full app life-cycle: concept , design, build, deploy, test and release to app store Work with product teams on new product ideas, designs, prototypes and estimate Keep up-to-date on current and upcoming features in relevant products and platforms Drive a best practices approach to the continuous improvement of our products, processes, and tools Write and maintain documentation for all features in development Pay Range: $63 - $68/hour Employee benefits include, but are not limited to, health insurance (medical, dental, vision), 401(k) plan, and paid sick leave (depending on work location) 