Company DescriptionAn Online Payment Giant is seeking a full time contractor who specializes in mobile security. This candidate will join Global Information Security (GIS) and will help drive the successful adoption of cooperate and consumer mobile execution strategies across organizations GIS program and coordinate with other departments and teams to evolve GIS alignment with company goals... and objectives.Job DescriptionPosition Details:Industry: Finance/PaymentWork Location: Foster City, CA 94404Job Title: iOS DeveloperDuration: 1yr (potential to extend a 2nd yr). Potential of an FTE opening in futureCandidate will work on: Building secure coding guidelines around emerging technologies that are lacking standards and security practices. Analyzing security gaps within existing mobile OS that could hinder existing consumer and cooperate mobile solutions. Building strong cross-organizational relationships, and effectively influence staff across the IT organization, and broader enterprise. Assessing existing cooperate mobile applications and polices for any security gaps or loopholes. Collaborate with internal and third party application teams to define an enterprise set of reasonable security controls that will protect the brand from real or perceived security breaches. Analyze security gaps within existing third party and open source mobile technologies and frameworks that lack standard validation methodologies and incorporate remediation practices to reduce risk posture of products and assets. Collaborating with product development and solution teams, to manage software security risk aligned with business goals.Responsibility level: Exercises independent judgment with direction from managerSkills: Verbal and written communication skills, problem solving skills and interpersonal skills. (Required) Understands mobile application development tools. (Required) Knowledge of programming languages like Objective-C, Swift (Required) and Java, C/C++ and Python. (Preferred) Ability to work independently with proper time management skills. (Required) Understands inter-working of iOS and Android mobile OS. Has understanding of mobile applications, penetration skills Knowledge of MDM solutions. (Optional)QualificationsEducation/Experience: Bachelor degree in computer science or equivalent 1-3 years related experience required Objective-C, XCodeAdditional InformationTeam will look to start Phone Screens the week of 11/16. Possibly follow up with In-Person interview, or may hire off Phone Screen Duration: 1yr (potential to extend a 2nd yr) Verbal and written communication skills, problem solving skills and interpersonal skills Understands mobile application development tools Knowledge of programming languages like Objective-C, Swift (Required) and Java, C/C++ and Python Understands inter-working of iOS and Android mobile OS Has understanding of mobile applications, penetration skills Knowledge of MDM solutions Bachelor degree in computer science or equivalent 1-3 years related experience required Objective-C, XCode This candidate will join Global Information Security (GIS) and will help drive the successful adoption of cooperate and consumer mobile execution strategies across organizations GIS program and coordinate with other departments and teams to evolve GIS alignment with company goals and objectives Building secure coding guidelines around emerging technologies that are lacking standards and security practices Building strong cross-organizational relationships, and effectively influence staff across the IT organization, and broader enterprise Assessing existing cooperate mobile applications and polices for any security gaps or loopholes Collaborate with internal and third party application teams to define an enterprise set of reasonable security controls that will protect the brand from real or perceived security breaches Analyze security gaps within existing third party and open source mobile technologies and frameworks that lack standard validation methodologies and incorporate remediation practices to reduce risk posture of products and assets Collaborating with product development and solution teams, to manage software security risk aligned with business goals Exercises independent judgment with direction from manager 