The roleBabylon is a healthtech company that is going to disrupt the healthcare industry by creating an AI / Digital first platform to re-invent how healthcare is delivered for the better...In your role as a Staff Back End Engineer, youll be part of a cross-functional team thats responsible for working cross functionally to develop bleeding edge technologies across platforms, engines, microservices, & more.Tech StackJava 11+, Python, Ruby, Spring Boot, REST/GraphQL, Microservices, Postgres, Kafka, Kubernetes, Docker, AWS, CircleCI and Azure Pipelines for continuous integration/deliveryCOOL PROJECTS WE ARE WORKING ON Triage - Were extending our experimentation platform to accelerate the time from R&D to production to deliver industry-leading causal AI and RL-based decision making into our symptom checker. Deep Patient Understanding - Were building the most comprehensive views of our members, leveraging our health graph, AI platform and expertise in machine learning to deliver deep meaningful insights on our members to improve health outcomes. Babylon Advisor - Were reimagining healthcare through the algorithmization of clinical guidelines, to deliver a system to drive continuous learning and personalization of clinical care, which will sit at the heart of our products and services. Note Assistant - we're productionizing a bleeding-edge Natural Language Processing (NLP) model our scientists have developed. Building a platform that solves the complexity of national health regulations. Imagine a world of global microservices, orchestrated in a clearly-visible way, choreographed through an avalanche of events! Building a matching engine to match the right clinician for the right member at the right time is key! Development of our Health Graph that is an active platform that grows as we learn more about our members. We've combined best of breed technology (Kafka / Elasticsearch), industry standards (FHIR), our own encoded knowledge base as well as a bunch of smart applications to create a fully normalised, active graph view of our members. Help us solve the mess which is medical data by developing our Partner Integrations engine. This engine will be built on intelligent, adaptable components that abstract complexity from the Babylon Internal systems. Building our bleeding edge Synthetic monitoring platform to ensure reliability within our build automation & CI/CD pipelines. Help us build an agnostic cloud platform which will abstract away the infrastructure layer allowing Babylon services to be deployed anywhere on earth. We aim to do this at speed. We are building in-house application security tools and capabilities that will serve all of our microservices as a security backbone functionality for their most common and complex security tasks. By hyper-automating our security operations, from embedding SOAR, through dynamic sand-boxing and playground environments, to autonomous and continuous threat hunting. Building bleeding edge security tools to hyper-automate our security operations, from embedding SOAR, through dynamic sand-boxing and playground environments, to autonomous and continuous threat hunting.REQUIREMENTS Youre a modern Java , Ruby, or Python expert who knows (or is keen to learn!) Spring Boot, JUnit, REST and GraphQL APIs, microservices, relational databases (Postgres), and event-based systems (Kafka) Youve worked in commercial Java, Ruby, or Python development before or maybe have contributed heavily to an open-source project Youve got experience in writing secure, scalable, and performant code for a cloud environment You may know Javascript and React already (a bonus!) or be happy to pick-up what youd need to know to be able to contribute to our web portals and mobile apps when needed Technology is your strength but youll bring more than just your technical expertise to the table - youre obsessed with our users and helping them achieve better health outcomes - and you care deeply about every step of their healthcare journey Experience working on teams practicing Agile and/or Scrum methodologiesWHAT WE OFFER Competitive salary New Hire Company Stock Grants (RSU) Refresh Company Stock Grants (RSU) Unlimited PTO Excellent Medical, dental and vision plans Access to flexible spending account and health savings account Competitive retirement plan Flexible working hours/remote working options Weekly remote yoga sessionsWORKING AT BABYLONWhether you work in one of our amazing offices or a distributed team, Babylon is highly collaborative and fun! Youll have a chance to work in a fast-paced environment with experienced industry leaders. We have a learning environment where you can make an impact.WHO WE AREWe are a team on a mission, to put accessible and affordable healthcare in the hands of every person on earth. Our mission is bold and ambitious, and its one thats shared by our team who shares our values, to dream big, build fast and be brilliant. To achieve this, weve brought together one of the largest teams of scientists, clinicians, mathematicians and engineers to focus on combining the ever-growing computing power of machines, with the best medical expertise of humans, to create a comprehensive, immediate and personalized health service and make it universally available.At Babylon our people arent just part of a team, theyre part of something bigger. Were a vibrant community of creative thinkers and doers, forging the way for a new generation of healthcare. Were only as good as our people. So, finding the best people is everything to us. We serve millions, but we choose our people one at a timeDIVERSITY AT BABYLONWe believe that difference inspires a better, healthier world. Thats why its at the heart of everything we do. From our people to our products, difference enriches every part of our business and creates a culture based on equality of opportunity, and in which all Babylonians can progress their careers. Were committed to creating an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants without regard to race, colour, religion, sex, pregnancy status, national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law.Babylon focuses on Healthcare, Machine Learning, Diagnostics, Health Care Information Technology, and Artificial Intelligence. Their company has offices in New York City, San Francisco, Austin, and London. They have a very large team that's between 1001-5000 employees. To date, Babylon has raised $572M of funding; their latest round was closed on June 2021 at a valuation of $4.163B.You can view their website at https://www.babylonhealth.com/ or find them on Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn Youre a modern Java , Ruby, or Python expert who knows (or is keen to learn!) Spring Boot, JUnit, REST and GraphQL APIs, microservices, relational databases (Postgres), and event-based systems (Kafka) Youve worked in commercial Java, Ruby, or Python development before or maybe have contributed heavily to an open-source project Youve got experience in writing secure, scalable, and performant code for a cloud environment You may know Javascript and React already (a bonus!) or be happy to pick-up what youd need to know to be able to contribute to our web portals and mobile apps when needed Technology is your strength but youll bring more than just your technical expertise to the table - youre obsessed with our users and helping them achieve better health outcomes - and you care deeply about every step of their healthcare journey Experience working on teams practicing Agile and/or Scrum methodologies Imagine a world of global microservices, orchestrated in a clearly-visible way, choreographed through an avalanche of events! Building a matching engine to match the right clinician for the right member at the right time is key! Development of our Health Graph that is an active platform that grows as we learn more about our members Building our bleeding edge Synthetic monitoring platform to ensure reliability within our build automation & CI/CD pipelines Help us build an agnostic cloud platform which will abstract away the infrastructure layer allowing Babylon services to be deployed anywhere on earth Competitive salary New Hire Company Stock Grants (RSU) Unlimited PTO Excellent Medical, dental and vision plans Access to flexible spending account and health savings account Competitive retirement plan Flexible working hours/remote working options Weekly remote yoga sessions 