As a Back-End Software Engineer, you will join a highly functioning team comprised of a combination of full time and part-time professionals across the globe. If you can demonstrate success then you will have a chance to work across multiple products of increasing power and complexity.If you are interested in part-time contract work then you may work remotely as long as there is significant... overlap of your working time with the Central Time Zone in the United States. If youre interested in joining us on a full time basis then this is an on-site position based at our office in Wichita, Kan. You must be authorized to work in the United States.Responsibilities: Write, test, maintain and document reusable code in PHP using Lumen/Laravel and MySQL. Develop enterprise-quality, horizontally scalable code using best practices, quickly and according to spec. Develop APIs, outputting JSON or XML for use by frontend interfaces. Participate fully in code reviews and work with internal designers, developers and QA to ensure quality code. Collaborate daily with other backend developers, frontend developers, writers and our data team across the full software development lifecycle.Technical Skill and Experience Requirements: Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structures and algorithm design, and complexity analysis Software development fundamentals, including testing, troubleshooting and using version control (we use GitHub). 5+ years of professional development experience. Familiar with and/or have experience with Agile development under the SCRUM methodology. Grasp of object-oriented programming principles, including data modeling and class development. Demonstrated achievement in backend development technologies using PHP and API development (portfolio required). Ability to work with databases, such as MySQL and third-party APIs. Ability to create component-based reusable and testable APIs. Experience using data interchange formats, such as JSON or XML. Understanding of networking, platforms, caching layers, proxies, or other web services used in the system. Basic Linux server and environment experience. Team player with excellent communication skills.Nice to Have Skills and Experience: Experience with any of the following: Composer, Vagrant, PHPStorm, docker,or PHPUnit. Working knowledge of PSR standards. Ability to write unit tests using BDD or TDD.Keys to Success Demonstrated ability to brutally prioritize. Be prepared to give examples of critically important projects you didnt get done in favor of even more important projects. What criteria did you use to make your decision? Team player willing to take direction, yet with the initiative to identify and act on matters without waiting for direction. This one is really important. Genuinely excited about technology, have a strong interest in learning & using the latest tools, and constantly want to learn new things. Highly-motivated and thrive in an environment where opportunities are many times of your own making. Enjoy engaging in passionate discussions with smart people and letting the best ideas rise to the top. Strong communication skills, both with technical and nontechnical audiences. Willingness to work as part of a team and embrace best practices, like version control, code reviews, documentation and workflow management tools.Please pay careful attention to these directions because we wont look at resumes that are not 100% compliant with all the instructions.How NOT to Apply: We only wish to receive applications from principal job seekers  no recruiters, please. Sending us your resume unaccompanied by the required materials below.How to Apply: Send a Word or PDF formatted resume to: [email protected] Your Subject line should follow this format: Job Title | Your First and Last Name. eg. Full Stack Developer | Truman White In the body of your email please state your interest in the given position, tell us the preferred way to contact you, and answer this question: I believe people do their best work when. You must be authorized to work in the United States Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structures and algorithm design, and complexity analysis Software development fundamentals, including testing, troubleshooting and using version control (we use GitHub) 5+ years of professional development experience Familiar with and/or have experience with Agile development under the SCRUM methodology Grasp of object-oriented programming principles, including data modeling and class development Demonstrated achievement in backend development technologies using PHP and API development (portfolio required) Ability to work with databases, such as MySQL and third-party APIs Ability to create component-based reusable and testable APIs Experience using data interchange formats, such as JSON or XML Understanding of networking, platforms, caching layers, proxies, or other web services used in the system Basic Linux server and environment experience Team player with excellent communication skills Nice to Have Skills and Experience: Experience with any of the following: Composer, Vagrant, PHPStorm, docker,or PHPUnit Working knowledge of PSR standards Ability to write unit tests using BDD or TDD Keys to Success Demonstrated ability to brutally prioritize Be prepared to give examples of critically important projects you didnt get done in favor of even more important projects Team player willing to take direction, yet with the initiative to identify and act on matters without waiting for direction Genuinely excited about technology, have a strong interest in learning & using the latest tools, and constantly want to learn new things Highly-motivated and thrive in an environment where opportunities are many times of your own making Enjoy engaging in passionate discussions with smart people and letting the best ideas rise to the top Strong communication skills, both with technical and nontechnical audiences Willingness to work as part of a team and embrace best practices, like version control, code reviews, documentation and workflow management tools Write, test, maintain and document reusable code in PHP using Lumen/Laravel and MySQL Develop enterprise-quality, horizontally scalable code using best practices, quickly and according to spec Develop APIs, outputting JSON or XML for use by frontend interfaces Participate fully in code reviews and work with internal designers, developers and QA to ensure quality code Collaborate daily with other backend developers, frontend developers, writers and our data team across the full software development lifecycle 