Who We Are:Incapsulate provides services from ideation to implementation. We are a team of developers, designers, and analysts who are committed to helping businesses solve problems using state-of-the-art technology. We believe that the best results are achieved by people who are passionate about what they do and continually strive to be better - those are the people we hire...Who we are looking for:A senior freelance Front End developer to accelerate our mobile apps for 311 systems used by major cities across the USA. You will work as part of an existing development team well under way to design and develop our next generation 311 mobile app using React Native. We use the same RN codebase to also build an analogous mobile web app. We can get a good candidate started immediately, and we have a pipeline of new screens from our designer coming in daily for the next several weeks. Well likely use someone between 3-6 hours/day for the next 4-6 weeks - could be more work post this assignment.Project Context Incapsulate is building a web application for which we want true responsive design between desktop web and mobile web form factors. We will have expertly designed wireframes coupled with high fidelity mock ups for both renditions (desktop web, mobile web) where at least 90% of our screens layouts should be responsive through pure CSS alone (i.e. without special server side rendering). We have strong front-end developers working with Salesforce Lightning Web Components. They are doing all of this work right now, but we want to free them up from the raw HTML/CSS/Responsive web design front end work. We want a front end developer who can take the wireframes and high fidelity mock ups, and cut the HTML and CSS for us (standardizing styles for reused conventions and patterns in the front end as they go, and not just for achieving responsive design for varied form factors).Ideal Candidate Strong skills with multiple implementations of responsive design for web apps (i.e. brochureware static websites dont count). The candidate will need to cite which apps (not static sites) theyve done this for, in order to be considered. Uses a framework like Bootstrap (were open to others) so that the approach can easily be understood by our team too. Has a strong knowledge of CSS such that they could make our app responsive even without a framework. This ensures the candidate knows when and how to handle complex scenarios that dont neatly fit into textbook solutions offered by frameworks. The candidate will be tested on their raw CSS knowledge in our technical screening in order to qualify.Our Environment & Technologies Distributed team in both India and the USA React Native with Expo Salesforce back end Typescript JS GitHub Design mockups in Figma - provided for us by professional UI/UX designers ADA compliance (accessibility) a big part of the app Incapsulate is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE). Veterans/Disabled and other protected categories. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or protected veteran status. If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to recruiting@incapsulate.com, or call Incapsulate at 1.888.589.2571 and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information. Reasonable accommodations are considered on a case-by-case basis Strong skills with multiple implementations of responsive design for web apps (i.e Uses a framework like Bootstrap (were open to others) so that the approach can easily be understood by our team too Has a strong knowledge of CSS such that they could make our app responsive even without a framework This ensures the candidate knows when and how to handle complex scenarios that dont neatly fit into textbook solutions offered by frameworks Well likely use someone between 3-6 hours/day for the next 4-6 weeks - could be more work post this assignment Incapsulate is building a web application for which we want true responsive design between desktop web and mobile web form factors We will have expertly designed wireframes coupled with high fidelity mock ups for both renditions (desktop web, mobile web) where at least 90% of our screens layouts should be responsive through pure CSS alone (i.e. without special server side rendering) 