Who we are:Enterra provides solutions that leverage sophisticated machine learning, artificial intelligence (ontologies, inference engines and rules) and natural language processing to provide highly actionable insights and recommendations to business users. Today, our solutions impact just about every aspect of the products you buy at your local store  from what is available to how it's... priced and even where they are placed on the shelf. Our SolaaS (Solution as a Service) are deployed within private clouds  principally on Azure. We help transform market-leading companies into true data-driven digital enterprises.What you will do:The successful candidate will join a diverse team that manages all of Enterras Solution offerings through their software development and product lifecycles. The ideal candidate must be collaborative, and deadline driven. Because of the nature of our work and our technology, successful candidates must take a growth mindset and be comfortable with ambiguity, with the ability to take a proactive, structured approach to achieve results. Results-orientation and deadline driven are critical in our fast-paced environment.Key responsibilities include: Develop, maintain and enhance Enterras cloud-based solution offerings across multiple functions (consumer insights, revenue growth and supply chain), initially focused on the consumer goods and retail industry. Implement and test business functionality and server-side logic within the solutions Implement and test the internal integration (user interface, application logic and data layer) for the solutions. Implement and test the external integration (data lakes/blobs etc., and client/3rd party systems) for the solutions. Implement and test the underlying microservices software architecture for the solutions Ensure high-performance and responsiveness of solutions Implement authorization, security, and data protection within the solutions. Incorporate mechanisms for high configurability across multiple clients Incorporate approaches and techniques that support scalability of solutions Package the solution into containers to enable deployment into both Enterra-managed and client-managed cloud environments Work with DevOps to deploy the solutions  principally into Azure under Kubernetes. Developing reusable, testable, and efficient code. Creation and application of test plans for the responsible code modules. Creation of documentation of the assigned code modules. Participate in regular SDLC activities ranging from estimation, status reporting, SCRUM sessions, design meetings, code reviews etc.Requirements: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or another STEM field. Minimum of 3 years experience in a product development role. Experience with cloud platforms (e.g., Azure, AWS). Experience with Kubernetes. Experience with Python including knowledge of at least one Python web framework e.g., Django, Flask Understanding of accessibility and security compliance. Knowledge of user authentication and authorization between multiple systems, servers, and environments. Strong unit test and debugging skills. Proficient understanding of code versioning tools. Good verbal and written communication skills - Ability to clearly communicate with business and technical personnel both internally and externally. This includes documentation, presentations, and individual analysis sessions. Quick learner and self-starter who is resourceful with a detail-oriented mindset and uses resources at hand to search for answers and strengthen understanding of projects and tools. Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, remote environment. Comfortable with ambiguity with the ability to build structure and take a proactive approach to drive results.The following additional skills would be beneficial: Knowledge of theCPG and Retail Industries Familiarity with tools and packages used in modern technology SDLC and architectures such as Snowflake, Databricks, Airflow, Synapse, Terraform, RabbitMQ and others. Understanding of the threading capabilities and limitations of Python, and multi-process architecture Understanding of fundamental design principles behind a scalable application Basic understanding of front-end technologies, such as JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3 Working knowledge of one or more of the following technologies: Data Science, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Ontologies, Business Rules, Business Intelligence, Data Visualization. Working knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical or BI packages for analyzing large datasets (Excel, R, Python, Power BI, Tableau etc The ideal candidate must be collaborative, and deadline driven Because of the nature of our work and our technology, successful candidates must take a growth mindset and be comfortable with ambiguity, with the ability to take a proactive, structured approach to achieve results Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or another STEM field Minimum of 3 years experience in a product development role Experience with cloud platforms (e.g., Azure, AWS) Experience with Kubernetes Experience with Python including knowledge of at least one Python web framework e.g., Django, Flask Understanding of accessibility and security compliance Knowledge of user authentication and authorization between multiple systems, servers, and environments Strong unit test and debugging skills Proficient understanding of code versioning tools Good verbal and written communication skills - Ability to clearly communicate with business and technical personnel both internally and externally Quick learner and self-starter who is resourceful with a detail-oriented mindset and uses resources at hand to search for answers and strengthen understanding of projects and tools Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, remote environment Knowledge of theCPG and Retail Industries Familiarity with tools and packages used in modern technology SDLC and architectures such as Snowflake, Databricks, Airflow, Synapse, Terraform, RabbitMQ and others Understanding of the threading capabilities and limitations of Python, and multi-process architecture Understanding of fundamental design principles behind a scalable application Basic understanding of front-end technologies, such as JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3 Working knowledge of one or more of the following technologies: Data Science, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Ontologies, Business Rules, Business Intelligence, Data Visualization Working knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical or BI packages for analyzing large datasets (Excel, R, Python, Power BI, Tableau etc.) The successful candidate will join a diverse team that manages all of Enterras Solution offerings through their software development and product lifecycles Develop, maintain and enhance Enterras cloud-based solution offerings across multiple functions (consumer insights, revenue growth and supply chain), initially focused on the consumer goods and retail industry Implement and test business functionality and server-side logic within the solutions Implement and test the internal integration (user interface, application logic and data layer) for the solutions Implement and test the external integration (data lakes/blobs etc., and client/3rd party systems) for the solutions Implement and test the underlying microservices software architecture for the solutions Ensure high-performance and responsiveness of solutions Implement authorization, security, and data protection within the solutions Incorporate mechanisms for high configurability across multiple clients Incorporate approaches and techniques that support scalability of solutions Package the solution into containers to enable deployment into both Enterra-managed and client-managed cloud environments Work with DevOps to deploy the solutions  principally into Azure under Kubernetes Developing reusable, testable, and efficient code Creation and application of test plans for the responsible code modules Creation of documentation of the assigned code modules Participate in regular SDLC activities ranging from estimation, status reporting, SCRUM sessions, design meetings, code reviews etc 