Job DescriptionWe are seeking a talented Java Back-end Developer to join our team. The ideal candidate should have a minimum of 4 years of work experience in developing and maintaining robust and scalable Java-based applications...Key Responsibilities: Design, develop, and maintain Java-based applications and services. Implement RESTful APIs and microservices. Write clean, maintainable, and testable code. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features. Troubleshoot and debug production issues.Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field. At least 4 years of work experience in Java back-end development. Strong experience with Java, Spring, Hibernate, and related technologies. Familiarity with RESTful APIs and microservices. Knowledge of database technologies, such as MySQL or PostgreSQL. Experience with Git, JUnit, and other development tools. Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail.If you are a skilled Java Back-end Developer and want to join a fast-paced and challenging work environment, we would love to hear from you! Please send your resume and cover letter toReport this job Dice Id: 90979540 Position Id: 7749882 The ideal candidate should have a minimum of 4 years of work experience in developing and maintaining robust and scalable Java-based applications Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field At least 4 years of work experience in Java back-end development Strong experience with Java, Spring, Hibernate, and related technologies Familiarity with RESTful APIs and microservices Knowledge of database technologies, such as MySQL or PostgreSQL Experience with Git, JUnit, and other development tools Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail If you are a skilled Java Back-end Developer and want to join a fast-paced and challenging work environment, we would love to hear from you! Design, develop, and maintain Java-based applications and services Implement RESTful APIs and microservices Write clean, maintainable, and testable code Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features Troubleshoot and debug production issues 