Early-stage startup seeking Senior back-end developer for creating a new mobile application as a social network. Must be an excellent work ethic, able to work remotely independently. Demonstrate strategic thinking skills. Excellent problem-solving and highly effective communication, interpersonal, and critical thinking skills.It's a great opportunity to work as part of a cross-functional... global team and start applications from scratch. We are looking for very long-term relationships and hope that you will be a part of our team.Tech Requirements:1. 5+ years back-end and unit tests developing on one of the languages: Elixir, Python, NodeJS2. Designing SQL databases, in particular, PostgreSQL3. GraphQL API development (including subscription) in one of the languages: Elixir, Python, NodeJS4. Creating Dockerfile and using Docker containers5. Integrations between API and web services (Google, Facebook, Amazon, etc.)6. Developing microservices, background jobs, and working with queues (for example, RabbitMQ/Kafka)7. Knowledge of Amazon web services: Aurora/RDS, Cognito, SES, S3Must be:1. Fluent in two languages (Russian and English)2. Punctual, responsible, and result oriented3. Ability to work in a team and be a team-leadPlease start your proposal with the phrase: HEYDAY Must be an excellent work ethic, able to work remotely independently Demonstrate strategic thinking skills Excellent problem-solving and highly effective communication, interpersonal, and critical thinking skills 5+ years back-end and unit tests developing on one of the languages: Elixir, Python, NodeJS Designing SQL databases, in particular, PostgreSQL GraphQL API development (including subscription) in one of the languages: Elixir, Python, NodeJS Creating Dockerfile and using Docker containers Integrations between API and web services (Google, Facebook, Amazon, etc.) Developing microservices, background jobs, and working with queues (for example, RabbitMQ/Kafka) Knowledge of Amazon web services: Aurora/RDS, Cognito, SES, S3 Fluent in two languages (Russian and English) Punctual, responsible, and result oriented Ability to work in a team and be a team-lead 