Location: They can be located in Colombia, Costa Rica, HondurasJava back-end developer is responsible for developing server-side logic and building scalable applications using Java technologies. They work on creating and maintaining robust, efficient, and reliable web applications that meet the needs of the business...Key Responsibilities: Developing and maintaining server-side applications using Java, Spring, and related technologies. Writing clean, efficient, and reusable code that meets coding standards. Designing and implementing complex systems that can scale to meet the demands of the business. Troubleshooting and debugging issues that arise in production environments. Collaborating with cross-functional teams to ensure that the software meets business requirements and user needs. Creating and maintaining technical documentation for the systems they develop. Staying up to date with the latest technologies and trends in back-end development. Optimizing code for performance and scalability. Developing and executing unit tests to ensure that the code is of high quality. Contributing to the development of technical standards, best practices, and guidelines for back-end development.Must have skills: Minimum 5 years Java Back end Developers who have strong back end logic, application programming interface (APIs), architecture and servers. Very analytical Able to work in fast paced environment and strict deadlines. Professional with exceptional organizational and communications skills Able to work in a team environment and be a strong contributorTechnical Skills: Back End Integration Developer Java 8 or higher Spring Boot Apache Camel Kafka Experience with Integration Patterns APIs (Rest, SOAP) Azure Kubernetes a plusSoft Skills: Bilingual preferred ( Spanish/English) however if we find a real superstar that have minimal english that would be ok as day to day all of their communications is in Spanish. They only need English when they are in meetings with US team.3774 Minimum 5 years Java Back end Developers who have strong back end logic, application programming interface (APIs), architecture and servers Very analytical Able to work in fast paced environment and strict deadlines Professional with exceptional organizational and communications skills Able to work in a team environment and be a strong contributor Back End Integration Developer Java 8 or higher Spring Boot Experience with Integration Patterns APIs (Rest, SOAP) Azure They only need English when they are in meetings with US team Java back-end developer is responsible for developing server-side logic and building scalable applications using Java technologies They work on creating and maintaining robust, efficient, and reliable web applications that meet the needs of the business Developing and maintaining server-side applications using Java, Spring, and related technologies Writing clean, efficient, and reusable code that meets coding standards Designing and implementing complex systems that can scale to meet the demands of the business Troubleshooting and debugging issues that arise in production environments Collaborating with cross-functional teams to ensure that the software meets business requirements and user needs Creating and maintaining technical documentation for the systems they develop Staying up to date with the latest technologies and trends in back-end development Optimizing code for performance and scalability Developing and executing unit tests to ensure that the code is of high quality Contributing to the development of technical standards, best practices, and guidelines for back-end development 