In the last year at Loka, our remote team of Back-End Developers helped bring free Lyfts to patients in transportation deserts, deliver the worlds first smart implantable for cancer care, eliminate $1 billion in food waste, launch 6 projects in LokaLabs (our own incubator), accelerate 3 startups to acquisition, move 1 scrappy startup to unicorn status, and still enjoyed every other Friday off... (yes, we really take the day off).We are using modern technologies to support an incredible variety of meaningful projects, while proving work/life balance isnt a catchphrase, its our culture. Join our team, feed your need to grow and mentor, and ship projects you believe in with a team youre proud to be a part of.Responsibilities Coordinate with internal teams to understand user requirements and provide technical solutions Design and implement functional requirements Support in the development of backend components to improve the overall performance Implement security and data protection solutions Integration of data storage solutions Implement test suites Write clean code that is easy to maintain, extend and debug Write technical documentation Provide updates, inform blockers and offer guidance to clientsRequirements 5 years of experience in Back-End Development Experience with Python and/or Go Broad and solid CS foundation knowledge, including software architecture, data structures & algorithms (Big O), and databases. Strong ability to transform ideas into running code. Web Development knowledge Understanding of concurrency Good communication skills. You should feel comfortable having in-depth technical discussions. (Bonus) Web development experience - Django/Flask. (Bonus) Experience with DevOps tools such as Kubernetes, Docker, CI/CDBenefits Every Other Friday Off - 24 extra days off a year. Our team calls it a life changing benefit. We think youll agree. 100% Remote-First - We want you to have the flexibility to work where you feel most comfortable and productive. Explore Program - Spend 3 months living in Portugal, Colombia, or Macedonia  all paid for by Loka. Relo Program - Permanently relocate you, your family, and your pet to one of our European headquarters. LokaLabs - Use moonshot technologies to solve overlooked societal challenges in our internal incubator. Yearly Upskill Allowance - Feed your curiosity and never feel intellectually trapped again. Winter Houses - Invite your friends or family to get away for the holidays, paid for by Loka. Paid Vacation Days, Sick Days & Local Holidays. Mental Health Benefits - Premium subscriptions to support the mental wellness of every Lokal 5 years of experience in Back-End Development Experience with Python and/or Go Broad and solid CS foundation knowledge, including software architecture, data structures & algorithms (Big O), and databases Strong ability to transform ideas into running code Web Development knowledge Understanding of concurrency Good communication skills You should feel comfortable having in-depth technical discussions (Bonus) Web development experience - Django/Flask (Bonus) Experience with DevOps tools such as Kubernetes, Docker, CI/CD Coordinate with internal teams to understand user requirements and provide technical solutions Design and implement functional requirements Support in the development of backend components to improve the overall performance Implement security and data protection solutions Integration of data storage solutions Implement test suites Write clean code that is easy to maintain, extend and debug Write technical documentation Provide updates, inform blockers and offer guidance to clients Every Other Friday Off - 24 extra days off a year Explore Program - Spend 3 months living in Portugal, Colombia, or Macedonia  all paid for by Loka Yearly Upskill Allowance - Feed your curiosity and never feel intellectually trapped again Winter Houses - Invite your friends or family to get away for the holidays, paid for by Loka Paid Vacation Days, Sick Days & Local Holidays Mental Health Benefits - Premium subscriptions to support the mental wellness of every Lokal 