Job Description: Delivering a complete front end application. Ensuring high performance on mobile and desktop... Writing tested, idiomatic, and documented JavaScript, HTML and CSS. Coordinating the workflow between the graphic designer, the HTML coder, and candidates self. Cooperating with the back-end developer in the process of building the RESTful API. Proficiency with Node Package Manager (npm), Angular CLI, Angular, TypeScript, JavaScript, HTML5,CSS, RxJS, Git and Empathy. Deep knowledge of AngularJS practices and commonly used modules based on extensive work experience. Creating self-contained, reusable, and testable modules and components. Ability to provide SEO solutions for single page apps. Validating user actions on the client side and providing responsive feedback. Creating custom, general use modules and components which extend the elements and modules of core AngularJS. Architecting and automating the build process for production, using task runners or scripts. Writing extensive unit tests using automated TDD tasks. Creating e2e test suites for all components. Creating configuration, build, and test scripts for Continuous Integration environments Deep knowledge of AngularJS practices and commonly used modules based on extensive work experience Delivering a complete front end application Ensuring high performance on mobile and desktop Writing tested, idiomatic, and documented JavaScript, HTML and CSS Coordinating the workflow between the graphic designer, the HTML coder, and candidates self Cooperating with the back-end developer in the process of building the RESTful API Creating self-contained, reusable, and testable modules and components Ability to provide SEO solutions for single page apps Validating user actions on the client side and providing responsive feedback Creating custom, general use modules and components which extend the elements and modules of core AngularJS Architecting and automating the build process for production, using task runners or scripts Writing extensive unit tests using automated TDD tasks Creating e2e test suites for all components Creating configuration, build, and test scripts for Continuous Integration environments 