We are looking for a self-motivated AWS DevOps expert and back-end developer with excellent communication skills, a strong work ethic, and an innovative spirit. Industry: Fintech Function: DevOps and BE Engineering... Employment type: Full-time Duration: Indefinite Location: Remote (or local in NYC or Fort Lauderdale) Travel requirements: 2-3 in-person offsites a year Technology expertise: AWS, Python, Django, Atlassian (Jira, Confluence) Certifications required: AWSIf you are applying for this position, please note that there are 2 additional steps that you need to take, besides applying on this job board, for your application to be considered complete. We will not be considering applicants who do not complete these two steps. Fill out the Univers Tech application: https://www.univers.tech/application Complete a 5-min screening interview: https://app.hireflix.com/public-application/644d4747dd43824ed5f5aad7Job Description:Have you ever wanted to build a product from scratch? To be one of the first employees of a company? To be a part of something big, and not just a cog in the machine?If so - this is the role for you.Univers Tech (univers.tech) is an early-stage start-up seeking to build a more connected world. Currently, we are working on an exciting fintech application that will streamline the management of personal finances. As a DevOps and BE Engineer, you can help us develop the product and its features from ideation to implementation. Youll work closely with the founding team, and be an integral part of a tight-knit engineering team working to build the architecture, design and implement new features, and take the lead to launch new products.If you're an AWS Certified DevOps Engineer and an experienced back end developer who wants to help create and build something that has an obvious and significant impact, then you might have just found the right opportunity. We're looking for innovators, left-fielders, odd-ballers, people who stick their toes right on the line and then cross it, just to see what happens. As we are searching for someone who can support the technical strategy for our product, it'll help if you've had experience with Fintech or other startups. It's likely youre at least 5 years into your career, and perhaps with a traditional engineering background.We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics.In this role, you will: Design, implement, and maintain our AWS-based infrastructure, including network, security, and deployment. Develop and maintain automation scripts and tools for infrastructure provisioning and application deployment. Monitor and troubleshoot application and infrastructure issues. Implement and enforce best practices for security, compliance, and performance. Continuously evaluate and recommend new technologies and tools to improve our DevOps practices Contribute to and own backend code, creating well thought-out code with an emphasis on quality, simplicity, maintainability, scalability, and performance. Design and maintain engineering architecture for features spanning web/app backends, APIs, microservices, and databases. Work cross-functionally with design, product, and engineering to build a world-class user experience. Participate in the full life cycle of our products including design, development, code reviews, testing, documentation, and deployment. Provide technical leadership in domain areas. Be responsible for understanding and adapting to new technologies, tools, methods, and processes. Plan and document technical specifications for features or system design. Assist in task planning, estimation, and scheduling. Contribute to building a flexible, dynamic, and supportive company culture.What you get: A fast-paced and collaborative start-up environment Competitive compensation Equity options at a well-funded startup Medical, dental and vision coverage 401(k) plan with company matching Performance-based bonusesMinimum requirements: AWS Certified DevOps Engineer Professional certification Strong experience in designing, implementing, and managing cloud-based infrastructure on AWS Experience with automation and configuration management tools (e.g., Terraform, CloudFormation, Ansible) Deep expertise and strong experience (5+ years) in Python/Django/Flask Prior experience building APIs with third party data providers, and experience with financial data and API integrations such as Plaid, MX, Vezgo, etc. The best candidates will demonstrate familiarity across several of the following technologies: React, React Native, Next.js, Cognito, PostgreSQL, DynamoDB, Amplify. Degree in Computer Science, Information Management, Math, Statistics, or equivalent practical experience. Successful candidates will have the ability to work in a high-performing team and creatively balance customer focus with high quality deliverables. Must be highly organized and have the ability to maintain several projects at one time Strong communication skills, and a track record of delivering results in fast-paced environments. Hands on experience with design and development of scalable web services and platforms. Excellent written and verbal communication skills; the ability to communicate complex technical material in a brief and clear manner to a range of audiences. Demonstrates enthusiasm, curiosity, and an innovative spirit. Has an independent work ethic, is extremely detail-oriented, self-motivated, and a fast learner. You feel confident you can jump into the deep end and hit the ground running. You are able to cope with tight deadlines in a dynamic environment with changing priorities. Experience working in a startup-like environment preferred.If you love engineering and are passionate about creating a solution that makes a meaningful difference to peoples' financial health, you belong at Univers Tech.Not sure you have the experience we're looking for? Reach out anyway! If you're bright, a go-getter, determined - and curious and passionate about building a more connected world - we would love to talk to you.Univers Tech focuses on Finance Technology. Their company has offices in New York City and Fort Lauderdale. They have a small team that's between 11-50 employees.You can view their website at http://univers.tech Travel requirements: 2-3 in-person offsites a year Technology expertise: AWS, Python, Django, Atlassian (Jira, Confluence) Certifications required: AWS It's likely youre at least 5 years into your career, and perhaps with a traditional engineering background AWS Certified DevOps Engineer Professional certification Strong experience in designing, implementing, and managing cloud-based infrastructure on AWS Experience with automation and configuration management tools (e.g., Terraform, CloudFormation, Ansible) Deep expertise and strong experience (5+ years) in Python/Django/Flask Prior experience building APIs with third party data providers, and experience with financial data and API integrations such as Plaid, MX, Vezgo, etc The best candidates will demonstrate familiarity across several of the following technologies: React, React Native, Next.js, Cognito, PostgreSQL, DynamoDB, Amplify Degree in Computer Science, Information Management, Math, Statistics, or equivalent practical experience Successful candidates will have the ability to work in a high-performing team and creatively balance customer focus with high quality deliverables Must be highly organized and have the ability to maintain several projects at one time Strong communication skills, and a track record of delivering results in fast-paced environments Hands on experience with design and development of scalable web services and platforms Excellent written and verbal communication skills; the ability to communicate complex technical material in a brief and clear manner to a range of audiences Demonstrates enthusiasm, curiosity, and an innovative spirit Has an independent work ethic, is extremely detail-oriented, self-motivated, and a fast learner You feel confident you can jump into the deep end and hit the ground running You are able to cope with tight deadlines in a dynamic environment with changing priorities As a DevOps and BE Engineer, you can help us develop the product and its features from ideation to implementation Youll work closely with the founding team, and be an integral part of a tight-knit engineering team working to build the architecture, design and implement new features, and take the lead to launch new products Design, implement, and maintain our AWS-based infrastructure, including network, security, and deployment Develop and maintain automation scripts and tools for infrastructure provisioning and application deployment Monitor and troubleshoot application and infrastructure issues Implement and enforce best practices for security, compliance, and performance Continuously evaluate and recommend new technologies and tools to improve our DevOps practices Contribute to and own backend code, creating well thought-out code with an emphasis on quality, simplicity, maintainability, scalability, and performance Design and maintain engineering architecture for features spanning web/app backends, APIs, microservices, and databases Participate in the full life cycle of our products including design, development, code reviews, testing, documentation, and deployment Provide technical leadership in domain areas Be responsible for understanding and adapting to new technologies, tools, methods, and processes Plan and document technical specifications for features or system design Assist in task planning, estimation, and scheduling Contribute to building a flexible, dynamic, and supportive company culture A fast-paced and collaborative start-up environment Competitive compensation Equity options at a well-funded startup Medical, dental and vision coverage 401(k) plan with company matching Performance-based bonuses 