Optimizely is focused on unlocking digital potential and we are the recognized category leader in Digital Experience Platform (DXP) and created the category for A/B Testing and experimentation software. We have incredible customers  isnt that one of the most important aspects of looking for your next job? Optimizely has over 9,000 brands from global organizations such as Visa, Sky, Yamaha, Wall... Street Journal to tech innovators like Atlassian, DocuSign, FitBit and Zillow.Not only are we financially sound and growing but we have unicorn status: Exceeded $300M in revenue in 2020, is profitable already, and has all strategic options ahead of itself. Optimizely continues to invest and addresses a market opportunity north of $30 billion, providing significant personal career growth opportunities.We are an inclusive culture with a global team of 1200+ people across the US, Europe, Australia, and Vietnam. We blend European and American business culture with emphasis on teamwork, inclusion, and moving fast. People make the difference!We want someone who loves to code and knows HTML, Javascript, CSS, and jQuery. We need someone who can take ideas and turn them into clean, solid code. Someone who can grasp the big picture while still getting the details right. Someone who is passionate about code and a perfectionist when it comes to pixel-perfect UI development.If you are looking to work on the next generation of digital technologies in a fast-paced, hyper-growth environment, apply! We are just getting started...Requirements: 3+ years of demonstrated job experience working with HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript. A bachelors degree in software development, computer science, information technology, or a related field is preferred. Applicants without such a degree should have at least 3 years of demonstrated job experience. Experience with common front-end frameworks, libraries, and utilities such as SASS, jQuery, React, and/or Node.js is preferred. Ability to write HTML/CSS and match or interpret design comps. Experience with mobile-first responsive web development. Familiarity with the Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, etc.) Tests work in multiple browsers and platforms with an understanding how to solve minor differences between browsers and platforms. Able to write clean, efficient code that adheres to best practices and standards, while optimizing website performance. Familiarity with developing for a content management system. Ability to work and collaborate in a team environment, but also work independently, and taking ownership of your work. Have the capacity to multi-tasks and manage competing priorities. Able to clearly explain how your code works, and explain complex concepts to non-technical and technical people alike. Are knowledgeable on accessibility best practices (WCAG 2.1 AA) and front-end optimization best practices for site performance. Has a high-level of comfort using git alongside other developers, including deployments and code reviews.Bonus Points: Experience with agile methodologies, and we would like to see some experience working in a team and all the technologies that entail (source control, continuous integration, and build deployment, etc.) Experience with Optimizely products (specifically Content Cloud, Content Recommendations and Web Experimentation) Experience working with, or part of, a B2B SaaS company A baseline understanding of the MVC frameworkOptimizely is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Optimizely is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status We want someone who loves to code and knows HTML, Javascript, CSS, and jQuery We need someone who can take ideas and turn them into clean, solid code Someone who can grasp the big picture while still getting the details right Someone who is passionate about code and a perfectionist when it comes to pixel-perfect UI development 3+ years of demonstrated job experience working with HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript Applicants without such a degree should have at least 3 years of demonstrated job experience Ability to write HTML/CSS and match or interpret design comps Experience with mobile-first responsive web development Familiarity with the Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, etc.) Tests work in multiple browsers and platforms with an understanding how to solve minor differences between browsers and platforms Able to write clean, efficient code that adheres to best practices and standards, while optimizing website performance Familiarity with developing for a content management system Ability to work and collaborate in a team environment, but also work independently, and taking ownership of your work Have the capacity to multi-tasks and manage competing priorities Able to clearly explain how your code works, and explain complex concepts to non-technical and technical people alike Are knowledgeable on accessibility best practices (WCAG 2.1 AA) and front-end optimization best practices for site performance Has a high-level of comfort using git alongside other developers, including deployments and code reviews Experience with agile methodologies, and we would like to see some experience working in a team and all the technologies that entail (source control, continuous integration, and build deployment, etc.) Experience with Optimizely products (specifically Content Cloud, Content Recommendations and Web Experimentation) Experience working with, or part of, a B2B SaaS company A baseline understanding of the MVC framework 