Description

Confluent is pioneering a fundamentally new category of data infrastructure focused on data in motion. Have you ever found a new favorite series on Netflix, picked up groceries curbside at Walmart, or paid for something using Square? That’s the power of data in motion in action—giving organizations instant access to the massive amounts of data that is constantly flowing throughout... their business. At Confluent, we’re building the foundational platform for this new paradigm of data infrastructure. Our cloud-native offering is designed to be the intelligent connective tissue enabling real-time data, from multiple sources, to constantly stream across the organization. With Confluent, organizations can create a central nervous system to innovate and win in a digital-first world.

We’re looking for self-motivated team members who crave a challenge and feel energized to roll up their sleeves and help realize Confluent’s enormous potential. Chart your own path and take healthy risks as we solve big problems together. We value having diverse teams and want you to grow as we grow—whether you’re just starting out in your career or managing a large team, you’ll be amazed at the magnitude of your impact.

About the Role:

To realize Confluent’s enormous potential, we are looking for software engineers, at various levels, to grow our Traffic & Networking team. This team focuses on building and managing the networking fabric of Confluent Cloud. The network fabric for Confluent Cloud is responsible for all traffic that ingresses and egresses a customer's Kafka cluster on Confluent Cloud. The networking fabric also provides features that allow Confluent customers to securely connect their Confluent Cloud clusters to their existing virtual networks in the cloud. This gives customers access to enterprise-grade security features in the cloud allowing them to build secure network boundaries around their clusters.

To join the team, we are looking for engineers with an interest in building large-scale distributed systems, with a focus on building and managing network data planes for containerized workloads in the cloud.

Who you are:
• Smart, humble, and empathetic
• Have a strong sense of teamwork and put team’s and company’s interests first
• Driven and excited about the challenges of a fast-paced, innovative software startup environment

What Gives You an Edge:
• BS, MS, or PhD in computer science or a related field, or equivalent work experience
• 1-4 years of relevant cloud infrastructure/cloud networking experience
• Strong fundamentals in distributed systems design and development
• Experience building and operating large-scale systems
• Solid understanding of basic systems operations (disk, network, operating systems, etc)
• A self-starter with the ability to work effectively in teams
• Proficiency in Go, Python, C++, or other statically typed languages
• Experience/knowledge with public clouds (AWS, Azure or GCP)

Come As You Are

At Confluent, equality is a core tenet of our culture. We are committed to building an inclusive global team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, beliefs, and experiences. The more diverse we are, the richer our community and the broader our impact. Employment decisions are made on the basis of job-related criteria without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, or any other classification protected by applicable law.

At Confluent, we are committed to providing competitive pay and benefits that are in line with industry standards. We analyze and carefully consider several factors when determining compensation, including work history, education, professional experience, and location. This position has an annual estimated salary of 131,700 - 151,400 USD, an annual bonus, and a competitive equity package. The actual pay may vary depending on your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Confluent offers a wide range of employee benefits. To learn more about our benefits click HERE.

Confluent requires all employees (in office and remote) in the U.S. to be vaccinated for COVID-19. Consistent with federal, state, and local requirements, Confluent will consider requests for reasonable accommodation based on medical conditions/contraindications or sincerely-held religious beliefs where it is able to do so without undue hardship to the company.

Click HERE to review our Candidate Privacy Notice which describes how and when Confluent, Inc., and its group companies, collects, uses, and shares certain personal information of California job applicants and prospective employees.

#LI-Remote
Smart, humble, and empathetic
Have a strong sense of teamwork and put team’s and company’s interests first
Driven and excited about the challenges of a fast-paced, innovative software startup environment
BS, MS, or PhD in computer science or a related field, or equivalent work experience
1-4 years of relevant cloud infrastructure/cloud networking experience
Strong fundamentals in distributed systems design and development
Experience building and operating large-scale systems
Solid understanding of basic systems operations (disk, network, operating systems, etc)
A self-starter with the ability to work effectively in teams
Proficiency in Go, Python, C++, or other statically typed languages
Experience/knowledge with public clouds (AWS, Azure or GCP)The network fabric for Confluent Cloud is responsible for all traffic that ingresses and egresses a customer's Kafka cluster on Confluent Cloud
This gives customers access to enterprise-grade security features in the cloud allowing them to build secure network boundaries around their clustersThis position has an annual estimated salary of 131,700 - 151,400 USD, an annual bonus, and a competitive equity package
The actual pay may vary depending on your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location
In addition, Confluent offers a wide range of employee benefits