Job Description

At Boeing, we innovate and collaborate to make the world a better place. From the seabed to outer space, you can contribute to work that matters with a company where diversity, equity and inclusion are shared values. We’re committed to fostering an environment for every teammate that’s welcoming, respectful and inclusive, with great opportunity for professional growth. Find your... future with us.

The Boeing Company is currently seeking Associate & Mid-Level Software Engineer to work on Software Development and Integration. Training Systems is responsible for the design, manufacture, development, and maintenance of a wide variety of commercial and military ground support and training devices. You would be primarily supporting the ASC2 and AEW&C Ground Systems platforms, in Oklahoma City, OK.

POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES:
• You will be developing software applications (JAVA, C#), working with software provided by Boeing organizations, generating requirements, maintaining Software Interface Documents, evaluating designs, integrating the Software into the Ground System. Target host environments include Linux and Windows.
• If you come to work with us you will be responsible for full life-cycle software development which means you will have a hand in defining the requirements; designing, implementing and testing the software; and supporting these products through delivery and in the field.
• Will be a member of an impactful, collaborative team and must be self-motivated with a strong work ethic, excellent time-management, and interpersonal skills.
• These teams use agile methodologies to support all aspects of product development, including project management.
• You will be encouraged to actively help the team to continuously improve and develop innovative and creative solutions to products and processes.

This position is expected to be 100% onsite. The selected candidate will be required to work onsite at one of the listed location options.

Occasional travel may be required (up to 15%).

Security Clearance:

This position requires the ability to obtain a US Security Clearance for which the US Government requires US Citizenship. An interim and/or final U.S. Secret Clearance Post-Start is required.

Basic Qualifications (Required Skills and Experience):
• Bachelor of Science degree from an accredited course of study, in Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, Computer Science or other technical degree
• 2+ years of experience in software development
• 1+ years of experience with C#/.NET, and/or JAVA
• 1+ years of experience in software development life cycles, configuration management and best agile software engineering practices



Desired Experience, Skills and Qualifications:
• 2 or more years' related work experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience

5 or more years' related work experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience
• Experience with Scaled Agile Framework or Agile Methodologies.
• 1+ years of experience working with Virtualized Systems (i.e. VMWare) design and implementation
• Experience in software system integration and test
• Experience with software containerization

Typical Education and Experience:

Associate Level (6J7BI2)

Education/experience typically acquired through advanced technical education from an accredited course of study in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry (e.g. Bachelor) and typically 2 or more years' related work experience or an equivalent combination of technical education and experience (e.g. Master). In the USA, ABET accreditation is the preferred, although not required, accreditation standard.

Mid-Level (6J7BI3)

Education/experience typically acquired through advanced technical education from an accredited course of study in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry (e.g. Bachelor) and typically 5 or more years' related work experience or an equivalent combination of technical education and experience (e.g. PhD, Master+3 years' related work experience). In the USA, ABET accreditation is the preferred, although not required, accreditation standard.

Relocation

This position offers relocation based on candidate eligibility.

Drug Free Workplace

Boeing is a Drug Free Workplace where post offer applicants and employees are subject to testing for marijuana, cocaine, opioids, amphetamines, PCP, and alcohol when criteria is met as outlined in our policies.

At Boeing, we strive to deliver a Total Rewards package that will attract, engage and retain the top talent. Elements of the Total Rewards package include competitive base pay and variable compensation opportunities.

Shift (US Specific):

This position is for 1st shift

Salary Transparency:

The Boeing Company also provides eligible employees with an opportunity to enroll in a variety of benefit programs, generally including health insurance, flexible spending accounts, health savings accounts, retirement savings plans, life and disability insurance programs, and a number of programs that provide for both paid and unpaid time away from work.

The specific programs and options available to any given employee may vary depending on eligibility factors such as geographic location, date of hire, and the applicability of collective bargaining agreements.

Please note that the salary information shown below is a general guideline only. Salaries are based upon candidate experience and qualifications, as well as market and business considerations.

Summary pay range:

Associate Level

$79,050 - 106,950

Mid-Level

$96,900 – $131,100

Eligible for 3ERP

Export Control Requirements: U.S. Government Export Control Status: This position must meet export control compliance requirements. To meet export control compliance requirements, a “U.S. Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R. §120.15 is required. “U.S. Person” includes U.S. Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee.

Export Control Details: US based job, US Person required

Equal Opportunity Employer:

Boeing is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law
This position requires the ability to obtain a US Security Clearance for which the US Government requires US Citizenship
An interim and/or final U.S. Secret Clearance Post-Start is required
Bachelor of Science degree from an accredited course of study, in Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, Computer Science or other technical degree
1+ years of experience with C#/.NET, and/or JAVA
1+ years of experience in software development life cycles, configuration management and best agile software engineering practices
Experience with Scaled Agile Framework or Agile Methodologies
1+ years of experience working with Virtualized Systems (i.e
VMWare) design and implementation
Experience in software system integration and test
Experience with software containerization
Associate Level (6J7BI2)
Education/experience typically acquired through advanced technical education from an accredited course of study in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry (e.g. Bachelor) and typically 5 or more years' related work experience or an equivalent combination of technical education and experience (e.g. PhD, Master+3 years' related work experience)
Export Control Requirements: U.S. Government Export Control Status: This position must meet export control compliance requirements
To meet export control compliance requirements, a “U.S. Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R. §120.15 is required
“U.S. Person” includes U.S. Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asyleeTraining Systems is responsible for the design, manufacture, development, and maintenance of a wide variety of commercial and military ground support and training devices
You would be primarily supporting the ASC2 and AEW&C Ground Systems platforms, in Oklahoma City, OK
You will be developing software applications (JAVA, C#), working with software provided by Boeing organizations, generating requirements, maintaining Software Interface Documents, evaluating designs, integrating the Software into the Ground System
If you come to work with us you will be responsible for full life-cycle software development which means you will have a hand in defining the requirements; designing, implementing and testing the software; and supporting these products through delivery and in the field
Will be a member of an impactful, collaborative team and must be self-motivated with a strong work ethic, excellent time-management, and interpersonal skills
These teams use agile methodologies to support all aspects of product development, including project management
You will be encouraged to actively help the team to continuously improve and develop innovative and creative solutions to products and processesDrug Free Workplace
Elements of the Total Rewards package include competitive base pay and variable compensation opportunities
The Boeing Company also provides eligible employees with an opportunity to enroll in a variety of benefit programs, generally including health insurance, flexible spending accounts, health savings accounts, retirement savings plans, life and disability insurance programs, and a number of programs that provide for both paid and unpaid time away from work
The specific programs and options available to any given employee may vary depending on eligibility factors such as geographic location, date of hire, and the applicability of collective bargaining agreements
$96,900 – $131,100