Job Description:Job Description...Job Title- Developer - Front End DeveloperJob Location- RemoteDuration :- 6 MonthJob Description:Required Top Skills in:1. Vue 3 JS2. Pinia Vuex State Management3. SSRWe are seeking a highly skilled and experienced Senior UI Engineer with expertise in Vue 3 and server-side rendering (SSR) to join our dynamic and innovative team. As a Senior UI Engineer, you will play a crucial role in designing, developing, and delivering high-quality user interfaces for our web applications, with a focus on Vue 3 and server-side rendering technologies.Responsibilities:1. Designing and implementing user interfaces for our web applications using Vue 3 and server-side rendering techniques to ensure fast and efficient rendering of web pages.2. Collaborate with product managers, UX designers, and other stakeholders to understand requirements and translate them into technical solutions.3. Develop reusable and scalable UI components, templates, and stylesheets that conform to best practices and coding standards.4. Optimize web applications for performance, scalability, and maintainability by leveraging VueJS features such as lazy loading,asynchronous components, and code splitting.5. Ensure cross-browser and cross-device compatibility of UI components and web pages.6. Collaborate with back-end engineers to integrate UI components with server-side APIs and data sources.7. Conduct code reviews to maintain code quality and ensure adherence to coding standards.8. Stay updated with the latest UI trends, best practices, and emerging technologies, and apply them to improve the user experience of usweb applications.9. Mentor and provide guidance to UI engineers, as needed.10. Collaborate with the QA team to identify and fix UI-related defects and performance issues.Qualifications:1. Minimum of 5 years of experience in front-end web development, with a strong emphasis on Vue 3 JS, server-side rendering (SSR) and Apollo GraphQL.2. Strong proficiency in Vue 3 JS and its ecosystem, including Vue.js core, route & state management, and Vue Server Renderer.3. Proven experience in building high-performance, responsive, and accessible user interfaces using VueJS, HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript.4. Solid understanding of server-side rendering (SSR) concepts and experience in implementing SSR in VueJS applications.5. Familiarity with modern front-end tools and workflows, such as Webpack, Babel, NPM, and Git.6. Strong understanding of web standards, cross-browser compatibility, and accessibility best practices.7. Experience with performance optimization techniques, such as code splitting, lazy loading, and caching.8. Familiarity with GraphQL and/or RESTful APIs and asynchronous data fetching using Axios or fetch or other similar libraries.9. Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail.10. Strong communication skills, both written and verbal.11. Ability to work independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment.Report this job Dice Id: 10494547 Position Id: 7876976 Are you interested in this job? Please apply from Salary.comJob ID: j202305030155217542333Recommended Job Skills: Debugging, Graphic DesignAverage Estimate Salary for a Developer - Front End Developer: $42.25 to $52.78This data is calculated using netizen feedback data. To get the most accurate number for your company jobs in your locations, use our subscription products: https://www.salary.com/companalyst Pinia Vuex State Management Ensure cross-browser and cross-device compatibility of UI components and web pages Minimum of 5 years of experience in front-end web development, with a strong emphasis on Vue 3 JS, server-side rendering (SSR) and Apollo GraphQL Strong proficiency in Vue 3 JS and its ecosystem, including Vue.js core, route & state management, and Vue Server Renderer Proven experience in building high-performance, responsive, and accessible user interfaces using VueJS, HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript Solid understanding of server-side rendering (SSR) concepts and experience in implementing SSR in VueJS applications Familiarity with modern front-end tools and workflows, such as Webpack, Babel, NPM, and Git Strong understanding of web standards, cross-browser compatibility, and accessibility best practices Experience with performance optimization techniques, such as code splitting, lazy loading, and caching Familiarity with GraphQL and/or RESTful APIs and asynchronous data fetching using Axios or fetch or other similar libraries Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail Strong communication skills, both written and verbal Ability to work independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment Recommended Job Skills: Debugging, Graphic Design Designing and implementing user interfaces for our web applications using Vue 3 and server-side rendering techniques to ensure fast and efficient rendering of web pages Collaborate with product managers, UX designers, and other stakeholders to understand requirements and translate them into technical solutions Develop reusable and scalable UI components, templates, and stylesheets that conform to best practices and coding standards Optimize web applications for performance, scalability, and maintainability by leveraging VueJS features such as lazy loading, asynchronous components, and code splitting Collaborate with back-end engineers to integrate UI components with server-side APIs and data sources Conduct code reviews to maintain code quality and ensure adherence to coding standards Stay updated with the latest UI trends, best practices, and emerging technologies, and apply them to improve the user experience of us Mentor and provide guidance to UI engineers, as needed Collaborate with the QA team to identify and fix UI-related defects and performance issues Average Estimate Salary for a Developer - Front End Developer: $42.25 to $52.78 