Minimum Requirements 3+ years of experience in software development as a developer, with at least 2 years working on sophisticated IT projects/initiatives in an Agile methodology framework 3+ years development experience with Angular 12+, SASS, TypeScript, and Node JS experience... 3+ years development experience using State Management libraries (NgRx) DOD Secret Security Clearance (Interim Secret to start) Ability to work with clients to understand their needs. Ability to maintain a positive relationship with customers and other vendors. Demonstrated ability to comply with data standards and policies. Excellent written and oral communication skills.Preferred skills Development experience with strong proven understanding of Java/Spring MVC, Spring Core, Spring Data, Development experience of building and supporting server-side components using RESTful services Development experience of building and supporting backend Oracle-based SQL Experience building and deploying applications in a DevOps environment using CI/CD tools Development experience using Maven Development experience using Struts Security+ Certification Web/application development experience with strong proven understanding of Java/Spring MVC, Spring Core, Spring Data, Development experience of building and supporting server-side components using RESTful services Development experience of building and supporting backend Oracle-based SQLAbout CSCICSCI is an award-winning information technology and financial management consulting firm founded on one simple philosophy: Do what is right, always. We apply this philosophy across all elements of our growing business, from delivering world-class services for customers to providing an environment for associates that encourages personal and professional growth. At CSCI, work and fun arent diametrically opposed. Our goal is to hire people with proven track records and retain them with an energizing, diverse company culture. We value each associates natural drive to excel, and we provide them with the freedom to do things their way. CSCI seeks the best and brightest in the industry; those who are ready to move their lives and career forward. Join us today and get excited about Mondays again!Benefits of Working at CSCI Competitive Salaries 15 Days Paid Time Off (PTO), plus 11 Paid Holidays Full Health Benefits Package including Medical, Dental, and Vision 401K Retirement Plan Team Building Events and Employee PartiesCSCI is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action EmployerMinorities, females, veterans, individuals with disabilities, sexual orientation, and gender identity. While all candidates are considered, CSCI encourages the above individuals to apply.CSCI is committed to helping individuals with disabilities to participate in the workforce and ensuring equal opportunity to compete for jobs. If you require an accommodation, please contact CSCI Human Resources for further assistance. For questions regarding the qualifications listed above, please contact the CSCI Talent Acquisition Team.DISCLAIMERThe above declarations are not intended to be an all-inclusive list of the duties and responsibilities of the job described, nor are they intended to be such a listing of the skills and abilities required to do the job. Rather, they are intended only to describe the general nature of the job 3+ years of experience in software development as a developer, with at least 2 years working on sophisticated IT projects/initiatives in an Agile methodology framework 3+ years development experience with Angular 12+, SASS, TypeScript, and Node JS experience 3+ years development experience using State Management libraries (NgRx) DOD Secret Security Clearance (Interim Secret to start) Ability to work with clients to understand their needs Ability to maintain a positive relationship with customers and other vendors Demonstrated ability to comply with data standards and policies Excellent written and oral communication skills Competitive Salaries 15 Days Paid Time Off (PTO), plus 11 Paid Holidays Full Health Benefits Package including Medical, Dental, and Vision 401K Retirement Plan Team Building Events and Employee Parties 