Do you want to work on cutting-edge projects with the worlds best developers? Do you wish you could control which projects to work on and choose your own pay rate? Are you interested in the future of work and how the cloud will form teams? If so - the Gigster Talent Network is for you.At Gigster, whether working with entrepreneurs to realize 'the next great vision' or with Fortune 500... companies to deliver a big product launch, we build cool solutions that make a difference! From blockchain to AI/ML to VR and more, Gigster builds enterprise software on cutting-edge technology.We are looking for experienced freelance Frontend Engineers who are passionate about application development to join the Gigster Talent Network. You will be expected to ship complex software products at scale for enterprise clients. You will get the opportunity to work with fellow Talent Network team members and our client(s) to build complex client-side applications that use the latest technologies.The Senior Frontend Developer position plays a critical role in the teams we form for important US clients such as IBM, US Bank, Harley Davidson, Colgate, Dapper, and 500 others. In this role, you will own the entire frontend experience - from technical leadership to UI/UX to integrating the latest technology with the backend components. The tech stack will vary with the projects, ranging from Angular 2+, React, Vue, etc.If you want to be part of a world-class network with access to cool projects, this is the place for you!Responsibilities Design and build complex and performant web applications using the latest web tooling and modern JavaScript frameworks, including React.js & Redux, and Node.js. Write and maintain high-quality code that is well-tested, documented, and monitored. Identify UI problems to ensure the best solutions for translating design into code. Collaborate with the rest of the project members and the engagement manager to design and launch new features.Requirements 8+ years of experience in software development. 5+ years of experience in frontend web development. History of developing successful web software in production environments. Bonus if you have worked on large-scale, public, or client-side applications. Advanced knowledge of JavaScript, jQuery, CSS, and HTML5. Strong experience with React. Work with GraphQL layers. Understanding of gRPC and/or protobuf. Experience designing and working with event-driven systems (KAFKA ex is a plus). Experience working with microservices. Experience working with docker containers. Experience with Agile development methodologies. Experience with responsive designs. Proficiency with Git/Github or other distributed version control systems. Successful history of working as part of a remote team. Proven success in contributing to a team-oriented and fast-paced environment. Experience with Agile development methodologies. Strong verbal and written communication, high integrity, and a passion for collaboration.Benefits World-class network. Be part of a network with the most talented people in the world. Amazing cutting-edge projects. Pick the projects from F500 companies that youre interested in. 100% remote and global. Live your best life, wherever that may be, and never lose out on career opportunities because of it. Flexible work hours. There is a time to overlap with the customers timezone, but most of the time we work asynchronously and dont care when youre online, just that you deliver great results. Flexible offerings. Choose how many hours you want to work and how much you want to earn. Swag! Because who doesnt love swag?The Gigster Talent Network is a highly curated set of the best software developers in the world. Its not easy to become part of this select network - but when you do - you will work amongst the best from Silicon Valley and around the world.Our model is unique in the software development industry. We do the hard work of finding the US clients and scoping their projects - and you get to choose from a large variety of Gigs. You can choose Gigs that fit your schedule - from 10, 20, or 40 hours a week. You also get to choose your pay rate. All projects are staffed with a project manager, full stack team, QA, and DevOps.All of our projects are for top-tier US companies and are delivered with the highest quality. Projects range from developing NFT marketplaces to VR imaging for medical use to large AI/ML projects. We even produce a case study for every project delivered - so you can take that with you as part of your portfolio.In parallel - you will have access to an exclusive and energized network of the worlds most skilled experts. Community members collaborate inside and outside of Gigs - as well as at local community events, online hackathons, competitions, etc. The Gigster Talent Network is more than a simple marketplace - its truly an exclusive club 8+ years of experience in software development 5+ years of experience in frontend web development History of developing successful web software in production environments Bonus if you have worked on large-scale, public, or client-side applications Advanced knowledge of JavaScript, jQuery, CSS, and HTML5 Strong experience with React Work with GraphQL layers Understanding of gRPC and/or protobuf Experience working with microservices Experience working with docker containers Experience with Agile development methodologies Experience with responsive designs Proficiency with Git/Github or other distributed version control systems Successful history of working as part of a remote team Proven success in contributing to a team-oriented and fast-paced environment Strong verbal and written communication, high integrity, and a passion for collaboration You will be expected to ship complex software products at scale for enterprise clients You will get the opportunity to work with fellow Talent Network team members and our client(s) to build complex client-side applications that use the latest technologies In this role, you will own the entire frontend experience - from technical leadership to UI/UX to integrating the latest technology with the backend components The tech stack will vary with the projects, ranging from Angular 2+, React, Vue, etc Design and build complex and performant web applications using the latest web tooling and modern JavaScript frameworks, including React.js & Redux, and Node.js Write and maintain high-quality code that is well-tested, documented, and monitored Identify UI problems to ensure the best solutions for translating design into code Collaborate with the rest of the project members and the engagement manager to design and launch new features World-class network Flexible work hours Choose how many hours you want to work and how much you want to earn You can choose Gigs that fit your schedule - from 10, 20, or 40 hours a week You also get to choose your pay rate 