Location: Prefer candidates in EST or CST time zonesThe Opportunity...Regal Rexnord is seeking a seasoned Front-End Developer to join our product team who will be an exceptional problem solver. As a Front-End Developer, you will be responsible for the user interface of our website. Your duties will include turning wireframes and mock-ups into reusable code and building high-quality UI components with scalability in mind. You will also be responsible for implementing new features on our website, handling the integration of new components, and performing routine maintenance and performance optimizations.We are a B2B company on a mission to build a truly excellent digital customer experience  from product interest to transactions to customer support. If you know B2B, then you know that creating a seamless customer experience can be an interesting challenge.We create easy, self-serve, digital experiences in an environment that involves multi-persona buyer journeys, complex account and user hierarchies, intricate product relationships, and customer specific pricing. Mix in some international markets, language translation and localization, a variety of ERPs, and multiple business units, and you have a fun playground in which to solve problems.We have built sophisticated systems to handle these scenarios, and now we are looking to grow our diverse and global team by bringing on board additional creative, motivated, and analytical people to join the talented team we already have.A front-end developer is a tech-savvy role that requires expertise in web design and involves translating customer needs into interactive web apps with visual elements that users see and interact with. A front-end developer is responsible for ensuring that the application is optimized both in technology and aesthetics while delivering the best user experience on desktop and mobile.Your Mission: Determining the structure and design of web pages. Ensuring user experience determines design choices. Developing features to enhance the user experience. Striking a balance between functional and aesthetic design. Ensuring web design is optimized for smartphones. Building reusable code for future use. Optimizing web pages for maximum speed and scalability. Utilizing a variety of markup languages to write web pages. Maintaining brand consistency throughout the design. Work closely with design, product management, and development teams to create elegant, usable, responsive and interactive interfaces across multiple devices. Turning UI/UX designs into prototypes, creating excellent interactions from designs, writing reusable content modules and maintainability of the code. Implement UI development principles to ensure that the product client-side serves at scale. Review and optimize the app usage by monitoring key metrics such as Google Core Web Vitals, Lighthouse, etc., and rectifying any issues proactively. An ability to perform well in a fast-paced environment and bring in optimal flow for rapidly changing design/ technology.Are You the One?Our future Front-End Developer will have a track record of metric driven achievements. 5+ years experience with building production-level software systems, with expertise in JavaScript, React, Angular, CSS 3+ years experience as a development lead on the front end for websites using JavaScript, React, Angular, CSS Proficiency in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and jQuery. Working knowledge of RESTful services. Understanding of server-side CSS. Experience with responsive and adaptive design. Understanding of SEO principles. Expert knowledge of browsers, frontend and website development technology, and application performance engineering on browser-based application Understanding of key design principles. Good problem-solving skills. Excellent verbal communication skills. Good interpersonal skills. Experience using industry-standard version control systems. Having past performance engineering experience will be a distinct plus Ability to collaborate with stakeholders across the organization to discuss the needs, design, and functionality of a website or interface Experience working with graphics and other designers to determine the websites layout Be able to use HTML, XML, and other appropriate web programming languages to write code for the website Experience integrating multimedia, including audio and video, into the website Experience with monitoring website traffic and deliver reports on website traffic metricsRegal Rexnord Corporation (Regal Rexnord) is a leading manufacturer of electric motors, electrical motion controls, power generation and mechanical power transmission products and sub-systems, serving customers around the world in the general industrial, consumer, commercial construction, food & beverage, and alternative energy end markets, among others. Regal Rexnord sells its products and solutions to OEMs, through distributors, and directly to end-users. With the announcement of the acquisition of Altra Industrial Motion, a ~$2B global business with 9,000 associates, focused on Power Transmission and Factory Automation products, Regal Rexnord will become a $7.3B company with 36,000 associates globally.You may not know it, but Regal Rexnord impacts your life every day. The companys products enable the fans in HVAC systems that keep us comfortable; the power source that keeps smart buildings running; the agricultural and food service equipment that keeps us fed; and the conveyer systems that keep e-commerce flowing, to name a few of the applications where our products are used.Regal Rexnords business purpose is to create a better tomorrow by energy-efficiently converting power into motion. This means creating innovative solutions while focusing on both customer needs and the companys commitment to sustainability. The companys industrial powertrain and automation solutions offerings are an important part of the company's growth strategy. The companys strategy includes leveraging 80/20 to prioritize all activities, including product excellence, operational excellence and commercial excellence (i) driving organic sales growth through the introduction of innovative new products, with a particular focus on improving energy efficiency, (ii) establishing and maintaining new customers, as well as developing new opportunities with existing customers, (iii) participating in higher growth end markets and geographies, and (iv) identifying and consummating strategic, value creating acquisitions.Notification to Agencies: Please note that Regal Rexnord Corporation and its affiliates and subsidiaries ("Regal Rexnord") do not accept unsolicited resumes or calls from third-party recruiters or employment agencies. In the absence of a signed Master Service Agreement or similar contract and approval from HR to submit resumes for a specific requisition, Regal Rexnord will not consider or approve payment to any third-parties for hires made.Regal Rexnord is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex/gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, ancestry, national origin, marital status, citizenship status (unless required by the applicable law or government contract), disability or protected veteran status or any other status or characteristic protected by law. Regal Rexnord is committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce. We are committed to building a team that represents diverse and inclusive backgrounds, perspectives, and skills 5+ years experience with building production-level software systems, with expertise in JavaScript, React, Angular, CSS 3+ years experience as a development lead on the front end for websites using JavaScript, React, Angular, CSS Proficiency in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and jQuery Working knowledge of RESTful services Understanding of server-side CSS Experience with responsive and adaptive design Understanding of SEO principles Expert knowledge of browsers, frontend and website development technology, and application performance engineering on browser-based application Understanding of key design principles Good problem-solving skills Excellent verbal communication skills Good interpersonal skills Experience using industry-standard version control systems Having past performance engineering experience will be a distinct plus Ability to collaborate with stakeholders across the organization to discuss the needs, design, and functionality of a website or interface Experience working with graphics and other designers to determine the websites layout Be able to use HTML, XML, and other appropriate web programming languages to write code for the website Experience integrating multimedia, including audio and video, into the website Experience with monitoring website traffic and deliver reports on website traffic metrics As a Front-End Developer, you will be responsible for the user interface of our website Your duties will include turning wireframes and mock-ups into reusable code and building high-quality UI components with scalability in mind You will also be responsible for implementing new features on our website, handling the integration of new components, and performing routine maintenance and performance optimizations Determining the structure and design of web pages Ensuring user experience determines design choices Developing features to enhance the user experience Striking a balance between functional and aesthetic design Ensuring web design is optimized for smartphones Building reusable code for future use Optimizing web pages for maximum speed and scalability Utilizing a variety of markup languages to write web pages Maintaining brand consistency throughout the design Work closely with design, product management, and development teams to create elegant, usable, responsive and interactive interfaces across multiple devices Turning UI/UX designs into prototypes, creating excellent interactions from designs, writing reusable content modules and maintainability of the code Implement UI development principles to ensure that the product client-side serves at scale Review and optimize the app usage by monitoring key metrics such as Google Core Web Vitals, Lighthouse, etc., and rectifying any issues proactively An ability to perform well in a fast-paced environment and bring in optimal flow for rapidly changing design/ technology 