ChannelMix, a cutting-edge marketing analytics product company based in Kansas City, is seeking a talented Front-End Web Developer to join our team. As a Front-End Web Developer, you will be responsible for building and enhancing front-end features for our proprietary platform which provides ETL, data management, data visualization, and predictive AI-powered marketing recommendations for our... customers.Responsibilities: Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including product managers, data scientists, and back-end developers, to understand requirements and translate them into front-end features. Develop and implement user-friendly, responsive, and interactive web interfaces using modern web technologies such as React, Angular, SASS, Npm/Node and Babel. Create visually appealing and intuitive user interfaces that meet the needs of our customers and enhance the overall user experience of the ChannelMix platform. Conduct thorough testing and debugging to ensure high-quality and error-free code. Stay up-to-date with industry trends and best practices in front-end web development and apply them to continuously improve the ChannelMix platform.Qualifications: Strong experience in front-end web development, including React, Angular, SASS, Npm/Node and Babel. Proficient understanding of web markup, including HTML5 semantics and CSS3 styling. Experience with responsive web design and mobile-first development. Familiarity with version control systems, such as Git. Understanding of user experience (UX) design principles and ability to apply them in front-end development. Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail. Strong communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to work effectively in a team environment.Minimum Experience Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Web Development, or related field. (or equivilant experience) 5+ years developing front-end applications in a professional envirnmentChannelMix offers a dynamic and collaborative work environment, where your ideas and contributions will be valued and rewarded. You will have the opportunity to work on cutting-edge technology and make a significant impact on our flagship product, ChannelMix. We provide competitive salary and benefits packages, including health insurance, retirement plans, and paid time off.If you are passionate about front-end web development, have experience with modern web technologies, and are excited about working in a fast-paced, innovative company, then we want to hear from you. Join us at ChannelMix and be part of our journey in shaping the future of marketing analytics! Apply now with your resume and a cover letter detailing your qualifications and why you are a good fit for this role.Company DescriptionChannelMix is one of Americas fastest-growing companies  a five-time Inc. 5000 honoree! We help big brands and advertising agencies grow their business through the power of marketing analytics with our end-to-end marketing analytics platform. Learn more about us at https://channelmix.com Strong experience in front-end web development, including React, Angular, SASS, Npm/Node and Babel Proficient understanding of web markup, including HTML5 semantics and CSS3 styling Experience with responsive web design and mobile-first development Familiarity with version control systems, such as Git Understanding of user experience (UX) design principles and ability to apply them in front-end development Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail Strong communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to work effectively in a team environment Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Web Development, or related field 5+ years developing front-end applications in a professional envirnment As a Front-End Web Developer, you will be responsible for building and enhancing front-end features for our proprietary platform which provides ETL, data management, data visualization, and predictive AI-powered marketing recommendations for our customers Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including product managers, data scientists, and back-end developers, to understand requirements and translate them into front-end features Develop and implement user-friendly, responsive, and interactive web interfaces using modern web technologies such as React, Angular, SASS, Npm/Node and Babel Create visually appealing and intuitive user interfaces that meet the needs of our customers and enhance the overall user experience of the ChannelMix platform Conduct thorough testing and debugging to ensure high-quality and error-free code Stay up-to-date with industry trends and best practices in front-end web development and apply them to continuously improve the ChannelMix platform We provide competitive salary and benefits packages, including health insurance, retirement plans, and paid time off 