Apply now and our proprietary system will quickly have you in front of a live recruiter.The OpportunityDescription... Providing monthly enhancement release. Creating a responsive web application (web browser as well as mobile devices). Developing using front end development technologies, such as: ReactJS, Angular 7, HTML, CSS, Node, REST API.Our ClientOur client provides agile consulting and staffing. Helping organizations fulfill their most important initiatives and opportunities. For 30 years. From coast-to-coast.Developing long-term relationships. Successfully retaining clients and placing consultants through multiple engagements.Providing you with the support, care, and attention you deserve. With advocates available 24x7 to help you with questions and concerns. This personal care together with great work has resulted in a 4.4 Glassdoor rating.Join the most talented professionals in the industry working on strategic and world-class programs.Experience Required for Your Success Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or any equivalent 5+ years of experience in Front End Development Experience in ReactJS, Angular 7+, TypeScript, Nodejs, Npm, HTML, CSS MongoDB and SQL Server is a plus but not requiredWhat Do You Think?Does your experience reflect what it takes to be successful in this role? Do the work and challenges get you excited about what's possible?by Jobble Developing using front end development technologies, such as: ReactJS, Angular 7, HTML, CSS, Node, REST API Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or any equivalent 5+ years of experience in Front End Development Experience in ReactJS, Angular 7+, TypeScript, Nodejs, Npm, HTML, CSS Providing monthly enhancement release Creating a responsive web application (web browser as well as mobile devices) Successfully retaining clients and placing consultants through multiple engagements Providing you with the support, care, and attention you deserve With advocates available 24x7 to help you with questions and concerns 