Company DescriptionLocus Robotics is a leader in the rapidly growing eCommerce order fulfillment optimization space. Our solution helps warehouse owners attain 2-3X efficiency improvement over cart-picking operations, by empowering pickers to work collaboratively with our robots. All this is accomplished while integrating with the operators Warehouse Management System, utilizing, and... optimizing existing facility infrastructure.Locus Robotics is seeking a Senior UI Developer with deep user-interface design & JavaScript experience for client-facing front-end Locus applications. Work on the current applications and drive them to stronger consistent interfaces. This is a Senior UI position working purely on the user interface and complex builds including intuitive web pages displaying real-time displays, animations, and charts.Job Description Responsible for the full design, architecture, and implementation of the UI. Maintain & update the client-side frameworks with the latest in web front-end technologies. Design & implement intuitive user interfaces for the portal using cutting-edge technologies following provided UX designs. Build complex charts & animations with real time updates. Ensure cross-browser compatibility and support different monitor resolutions Handle caching issues in the front-end. Provide Front-End Internationalization & Globalization. Write detailed design and implementation documentation.Qualifications Bachelors degree in computer science, or related (User Interface, Design, Art). 7+ years of Core Front-End experience. 7+ years of experience in software development, JavaScript in particular. Experience in front-end & JS frameworks, React, Vue, Angular, jQuery. Experience with web services like (REST, GraphQL, WebSockets) . Attention to detail in placement of UI elements and functionalities. Experience with Responsive Design. Experience with Unit testing. Experience with back-end technologies like Node, C#, PHP, Python. Analytical and problem-solving skills with a high attention to detail. An understanding of agile software development and testing principles and practices. Excellent communication, written and documentation skills.Additional InformationLocus Robotics is an Equal Opportunity Employer Bachelors degree in computer science, or related (User Interface, Design, Art) 7+ years of Core Front-End experience 7+ years of experience in software development, JavaScript in particular Experience in front-end & JS frameworks, React, Vue, Angular, jQuery Experience with web services like (REST, GraphQL, WebSockets) Attention to detail in placement of UI elements and functionalities Experience with Responsive Design Experience with Unit testing Experience with back-end technologies like Node, C#, PHP, Python Analytical and problem-solving skills with a high attention to detail An understanding of agile software development and testing principles and practices Excellent communication, written and documentation skills Work on the current applications and drive them to stronger consistent interfaces This is a Senior UI position working purely on the user interface and complex builds including intuitive web pages displaying real-time displays, animations, and charts Responsible for the full design, architecture, and implementation of the UI Maintain & update the client-side frameworks with the latest in web front-end technologies Design & implement intuitive user interfaces for the portal using cutting-edge technologies following provided UX designs Build complex charts & animations with real time updates Ensure cross-browser compatibility and support different monitor resolutions Handle caching issues in the front-end Provide Front-End Internationalization & Globalization Write detailed design and implementation documentation 