Elsevier is a global company that specializes in publishing scientific, technical, and medical content. We provide researchers, students, and professionals with access to a vast array of research articles, books, and other publications in fields such as health, science, engineering, and technology. In addition to publishing research, Elsevier also provides a suite of software tools and solutions... to help researchers and institutions manage their research workflows more efficiently. These solutions include tools for data analysis, manuscript submission and peer review, and citation management.We operate the first holistic faculty information system to support the full lifecycle of faculty work, from job seeking to review, tenure, sabbatical, committee work, research, and beyond. Offering colleges and universities increased clarity and insight into faculty data to help achieve their strategic initiatives, we believe that advancing the faculty will advance the institution.Whats even better than that?Weve crafted a fun, collegial, dynamic culture that celebrates team and individual success almost daily. Weve got a lean team of super-smart, super-hard working, local and remote colleagues who collaborate closely to produce a valuable service for an industry were passionate about. We genuinely like working with each other and with our clients.Like what you've heard so far?Then consider joining our Engineering team! The position of Front-End Engineer can be a fully remote position (US based) or based out of our headquarters located in Washington, D.C.Senior Software EngineerRequirements Have experience with one or more JS build tools (Bazel, Webpack, Parcel, Gulp) Possess knowledge of Javascript/Angular design patterns, best practices, and technologies Have a passion about delivering great user experiences through front-end technologies and tools. Meticulous attention to technical and visual details, with a passion for delivering high-quality user experiencesResponsibilities Interfacing with other technical personnel or team members to finalize requirements. Write and review portions of detailed specifications for the development of complex system components. Working closely with other development team members to understand complex product requirements and translate them into software designs. Successfully implement development processes, coding best practices, and code reviews. Operating in various development environments (Agile, Waterfall, etc.) while collaborating with key stakeholders.Requirements Have current experience with one or more JS build tools (Bazel, Webpack, Parcel, Gulp) Possess knowledge of Javascript/Angular design patterns, best practices, and technologies Have a passion about delivering great user experiences through front-end technologies and tools. Meticulous attention to technical and visual details, with a passion for delivering high-quality user experiences Possess knowledge of Javascript/Angular design patterns, best practices, and technologies Have a passion about delivering great user experiences through front-end technologies and tools Meticulous attention to technical and visual details, with a passion for delivering high-quality user experiences Have current experience with one or more JS build tools (Bazel, Webpack, Parcel, Gulp) Interfacing with other technical personnel or team members to finalize requirements Write and review portions of detailed specifications for the development of complex system components Working closely with other development team members to understand complex product requirements and translate them into software designs Successfully implement development processes, coding best practices, and code reviews Operating in various development environments (Agile, Waterfall, etc.) 