Job Description:Job Description...Fully remote, permanent position with benefits. Candidates MUST reside in FL, GA, TX, CA, NY, IL, CO, or DC. Must have strong experience with WordPress, PHP, JavaScript, and preferably Angular.Job Responsibilities Design, develop, implement and support highly complex web applications using the latest technologies and tools Understand user experience (UX) and ability to write HTML/CSS/TS code from provided design. Solve technical problems around web application system design, performance, scalability, and system/product stability. Write high quality code using proper coding standards. Demonstrate ability to successfully work in a small, innovative, and creative team. Record and track changes regularly throughout the development lifecycle using source control (Git). Share your knowledge about new technologies with the team and facilitating the implementation of such technologies across projects. Work with the team to create customized applications and enhance website capabilities according to current development methodologies. Develop, program, test, and maintain web-related projects including, but not limited to websites, landing pages, and modules.Qualifications: B.S. Computer Science, or equivalent degree, with related experience. Experience building Enterprise level applications. Experience working with HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3 in large scale projects. Experience on Front end-focused development of UI/UX development. SEO fundamentals and optimizing Angular 2 applications for search engines. Experience with analytics platforms such as Google Analytics, Bing, etc. Ability to work under pressure and with short timelines. Experience working with a RESTful backend service such as PHP/Laravel.Nice to have: Experience working with TypeScript. Experience with NodeJS development. Experience with git source control.Report this job Dice Id: 91117450 Position Id: 7877729 Are you interested in this job? Please apply from Salary.comJob ID: j202305040147412626853Recommended Job Skills: 3D CAD, 3D ModelingAverage Estimate Salary for a Remote Front End Developer: $66,180 to $88,054This data is calculated using netizen feedback data. To get the most accurate number for your company jobs in your locations, use our subscription products: https://www.salary.com/companalyst Candidates MUST reside in FL, GA, TX, CA, NY, IL, CO, or DC Must have strong experience with WordPress, PHP, JavaScript, and preferably Angular B.S. Computer Science, or equivalent degree, with related experience Experience building Enterprise level applications Experience working with HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3 in large scale projects Experience on Front end-focused development of UI/UX development SEO fundamentals and optimizing Angular 2 applications for search engines Experience with analytics platforms such as Google Analytics, Bing, etc Ability to work under pressure and with short timelines Experience working with a RESTful backend service such as PHP/Laravel Experience working with TypeScript Experience with NodeJS development Experience with git source control Design, develop, implement and support highly complex web applications using the latest technologies and tools Understand user experience (UX) and ability to write HTML/CSS/TS code from provided design Solve technical problems around web application system design, performance, scalability, and system/product stability Write high quality code using proper coding standards Demonstrate ability to successfully work in a small, innovative, and creative team Record and track changes regularly throughout the development lifecycle using source control (Git) Share your knowledge about new technologies with the team and facilitating the implementation of such technologies across projects Work with the team to create customized applications and enhance website capabilities according to current development methodologies Develop, program, test, and maintain web-related projects including, but not limited to websites, landing pages, and modules Fully remote, permanent position with benefits Average Estimate Salary for a Remote Front End Developer: $66,180 to $88,054 