We believe that the way people interact with their finances will drastically improve in the next few years. We’re dedicated to empowering this transformation by building the tools and experiences that thousands of developers use to create their own products. Plaid powers the tools millions of people rely on to live a healthier financial life. We work with thousands of companies like Venmo, SoFi... several of the Fortune 500, and many of the largest banks to make it easy for people to connect their financial accounts to the apps and services they want to use. Plaid’s network covers 12,000 financial institutions across the US, Canada, UK and Europe. Founded in 2013, the company is headquartered in San Francisco with offices in New York, Salt Lake City, Washington D.C., London and Amsterdam. #LI-RemoteLink is how millions of users interact with Plaid, and is a critical component for some of the most popular apps in the world. We improve and optimize Link to help even more users successfully connect to their financial institutions.On Link Success, you will work across the frontend and backend of Plaid Link to design and ship new features at scale. You will often explore our data, ideate your own hypotheses on how to help more users connect with Link, and run experiments to validate hypotheses. Some past major wins from our team include intelligently personalizing the list of institutions shown in Link, optimizing the authentication process for returning users to Plaid, and countless UI tweaks that all resulted in improved conversion.Since Link is used by every Plaid customer, you will directly improve the experience of users across hundreds of the most popular fintech apps. Your work will also have a clear impact on Plaid’s business: every increase in our conversion rate increases our overall revenue.What excites you• Identifying new product and technical opportunities, and owning them through to completion.• Help to work across the frontend and backend of Plaid Link to design and ship new features at scale.• Be part of influencing the experience of users across hundreds of most popular fintech apps.• Exploring our product data to find new insights.What excites us• +1 years of Full-Stack Engineering experience.• Technical generalists who enjoy working in different parts of the stack to solve problems in service of our customers and their users.• Product-minded engineers who advocate for a better and more inclusive user experience on behalf of our users.• Nice to have: prior work with growth-centric or experimentation-driven teams.#LI-RemotePlaid is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and values diversity at our company. We do not discriminate based on race, color, national origin, ethnicity, religion or religious belief, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, military or veteran status, disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state, and local laws. Plaid is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance with your application or interviews due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations@plaid.com.Please review our Candidate Privacy Notice here +1 years of Full-Stack Engineering experience Technical generalists who enjoy working in different parts of the stack to solve problems in service of our customers and their users Nice to have: prior work with growth-centric or experimentation-driven teams On Link Success, you will work across the frontend and backend of Plaid Link to design and ship new features at scale You will often explore our data, ideate your own hypotheses on how to help more users connect with Link, and run experiments to validate hypotheses Identifying new product and technical opportunities, and owning them through to completion Be part of influencing the experience of users across hundreds of most popular fintech apps 