Rsum de la description de poste ce poste, vous tes responsable de la conception de modules trs complexes, de composants critiques ou d'une application/d'un produit complet dans son intgralit. Aspire  l'intgrer  plusieurs systmes.  ce poste, vous travaillez de manire indpendante et vous tes considr comme un leader technique.  ce poste, vous tes charg de diriger les efforts de... conception et de dveloppement lis  l'architecture,  l'volutivit,  la disponibilit et aux performances, conformment  la feuille de route du produit/de l'application.Description de l'emploi Can be Remote" (US)Roles and Responsibilities Be responsible for providing technical leadership and defining, developing, and evolving software in a fast paced and agile development environment using the latest software development m and infrastructure Provide guidance to developers with either planning and execution and/or design architecture using agile methodologies such as SCRUM Work with Product Line Leaders (PLLs) to understand product requirements & vision Drive increased efficiency across the teams, eliminating duplication, leveraging product and technology reuse Capture system level requirements by brainstorming with CTO, Sr. Architects, Data Scientists, Businesses & Product Managers Leads impact assessment and decision related to technology choices, design /architectural considerations and implementation strategy. Subject matter expert in processes and methodologies with ability to adapt and improvise in various situations. Expert in navigating through ambiguity and prioritizing conflicting asks. Expert level skills in design, architecture and development, with an ability to take a deep dive in the implementation aspects if the situation demands. Leads the architecture and design efforts across the product / multiple product versions and is an expert in architecting custom solutions off the base product. Expert in core data structures as well as algorithms and has the ability to implement them using language of choice when necessary  as a value offering.Education QualificationBachelor's Degree in Computer Science or STEM Majors (Science, Technology, Engineering and Math) with minimum 8 years of experience.Desired Technical Expertise: Facilitates and coaches software engineering team sessions on requirements estimation and alternative approaches to team sizing and estimation. Leads a community of practice around estimation to share best practices among teams Knowledgeable about developments in UX in various contexts, businesses, and industries. Quantifies effectiveness of design choices by gathering data. Drives accountability and adoption. Publishes guidance and documentation to promote adoption of design. Proposes design solutions based on research and synthesis; creates general design principles that capture the vision and critical concerns for a program. Demonstrates mastery of the intricacies of interactions and dynamics in Agile teams. Demonstrates advanced understanding of Lean Six Sigma principles (e.g., Black belt certified). Guides new teams to adopt Agile, troubleshoots adoption efforts, and guide continuous improvement. Provides training on Lean / Agile. Drives elimination of inefficiencies in coding process. Teaches XP practices to others. Actively embraces new methods and practices that increase efficiency and effectiveness.Business Acumen: Evaluates technology to drive features and roadmaps. Maps technology trends to internal vision. Differentiates buzzwords from value proposition. Embraces technology trends that drive excellence beyond traditional practices (e.g., Test automation in lieu of traditional QA practices). Balances value propositions for competing stakeholders. Recommends a well-researched recommendation of buy vs. build solution. Conveys the value proposition for the company by assessing financial risks and gains of decisions and return on investment (ROI). Manages the process of building and maintaining a successful alliance. Understands and successfully applies common analytical techniques, including ROI, SWOT, and Gap analyses. Able to clearly articulate the business drivers relevant to a given initiative.Leadership: Influences through others; builds direct and "behind the scenes" support for ideas. Pre-emptively sees downstream consequences and effectively tailors influencing strategy to support a positive outcome. Uses experts or other third parties to influence. Able to verbalize what is behind decisions and downstream implications. Continuously reflecting on success and failures to improve performance and decision-making. Understands when change is needed. Participates in technical strategy planning. Proactively identifies and removes project obstacles or barriers on behalf of the team. Able to navigate accountability in a matrixed organization.Communicates and demonstrates a shared sense of purpose. Learns from failure.Personal Attributes: Able to effectively direct and mentor others in critical thinking skills. Proactively engages with cross-functional teams to resolve issues and design solutions using critical thinking and analysis skills and best practices. Finds important patterns in seemingly unrelated information. Influences and energizes other toward the common vision and goal. Maintains excitement for a process and drives to new directions of meeting the goal even when odds and setbacks render one path impassable. Innovates and integrates new processes and/or technology to significantly add value to GE. Identifies how the cost of change weighs against the benefits and advises accordingly. Proactively learns new solutions and processes to address seemingly unanswerable problems.Additional InformationGE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.The salary range for this position is $136,000.00 - 204,000.00 USD Annual. The specific salary offered to a candidate may be influenced by a variety of factors including the candidates experience, their education, and the work location. In addition, this position is eligible for a performance bonus. Available benefits include be Health, Medical, 401K, Paid Leave.#LI-GF1Description de l'emploi supplmentaireInformation additionnelleNiveau de rmunrationSPB3GE offre un excellent environnement de travail, des possibilits d'volution de carrire, une carrire stimulante et une rmunration concurrentielle. GE est un employeur garantissant l'galit des chances. Les dcisions en matire d'emploi sont prises sans distinction de race, de couleur, de religion, d'origine nationale ou ethnique, de sexe, d'orientation sexuelle, d'identit ou d'expression de genre, d'ge, de handicap, de statut de vtran protg ou d'autres caractristiques protges par la loi.GE n'emploiera seulement ceux qui sont lgalement autoriss  travailler aux tats-Unis pour ce poste.Aide  la relocalisation fournie : Non Expert in navigating through ambiguity and prioritizing conflicting asks Expert level skills in design, architecture and development, with an ability to take a deep dive in the implementation aspects if the situation demands Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or STEM Majors (Science, Technology, Engineering and Math) with minimum 8 years of experience Demonstrates advanced understanding of Lean Six Sigma principles (e.g., Black belt certified) Recommends a well-researched recommendation of buy vs. build solution Able to clearly articulate the business drivers relevant to a given initiative Continuously reflecting on success and failures to improve performance and decision-making Able to effectively direct and mentor others in critical thinking skills  ce poste, vous tes responsable de la conception de modules trs complexes, de composants critiques ou d'une application/d'un produit complet dans son intgralit  ce poste, vous tes charg de diriger les efforts de conception et de dveloppement lis  l'architecture,  l'volutivit,  la disponibilit et aux performances, conformment  la feuille de route du produit/de l'application Be responsible for providing technical leadership and defining, developing, and evolving software in a fast paced and agile development environment using the latest software development m and infrastructure Provide guidance to developers with either planning and execution and/or design architecture using agile methodologies such as SCRUM Work with Product Line Leaders (PLLs) to understand product requirements & vision Drive increased efficiency across the teams, eliminating duplication, leveraging product and technology reuse Capture system level requirements by brainstorming with CTO, Sr Leads impact assessment and decision related to technology choices, design /architectural considerations and implementation strategy Facilitates and coaches software engineering team sessions on requirements estimation and alternative approaches to team sizing and estimation Leads a community of practice around estimation to share best practices among teams Drives accountability and adoption Publishes guidance and documentation to promote adoption of design Proposes design solutions based on research and synthesis; creates general design principles that capture the vision and critical concerns for a program Demonstrates mastery of the intricacies of interactions and dynamics in Agile teams Guides new teams to adopt Agile, troubleshoots adoption efforts, and guide continuous improvement Provides training on Lean / Agile Drives elimination of inefficiencies in coding process Teaches XP practices to others Actively embraces new methods and practices that increase efficiency and effectiveness Evaluates technology to drive features and roadmaps Embraces technology trends that drive excellence beyond traditional practices (e.g., Test automation in lieu of traditional QA practices) Balances value propositions for competing stakeholders Conveys the value proposition for the company by assessing financial risks and gains of decisions and return on investment (ROI) Manages the process of building and maintaining a successful alliance Influences through others; builds direct and "behind the scenes" support for ideas Pre-emptively sees downstream consequences and effectively tailors influencing strategy to support a positive outcome Uses experts or other third parties to influence Participates in technical strategy planning Proactively identifies and removes project obstacles or barriers on behalf of the team Proactively engages with cross-functional teams to resolve issues and design solutions using critical thinking and analysis skills and best practices Maintains excitement for a process and drives to new directions of meeting the goal even when odds and setbacks render one path impassable Innovates and integrates new processes and/or technology to significantly add value to GE Identifies how the cost of change weighs against the benefits and advises accordingly Proactively learns new solutions and processes to address seemingly unanswerable problems The salary range for this position is $136,000.00 - 204,000.00 USD Annual The specific salary offered to a candidate may be influenced by a variety of factors including the candidates experience, their education, and the work location In addition, this position is eligible for a performance bonus Available benefits include be Health, Medical, 401K, Paid Leave 