DescriptionConfluent is pioneering a fundamentally new category of data infrastructure focused on data in motion. Have you ever found a new favorite series on Netflix, picked up groceries curbside at Walmart, or paid for something using Square? That’s the power of data in motion in action—giving organizations instant access to the massive amounts of data that is constantly flowing throughout... their business. At Confluent, we’re building the foundational platform for this new paradigm of data infrastructure. Our cloud-native offering is designed to be the intelligent connective tissue enabling real-time data, from multiple sources, to constantly stream across the organization. With Confluent, organizations can create a central nervous system to innovate and win in a digital-first world.We’re looking for self-motivated team members who crave a challenge and feel energized to roll up their sleeves and help realize Confluent’s enormous potential. Chart your own path and take healthy risks as we solve big problems together. We value having diverse teams and want you to grow as we grow—whether you’re just starting out in your career or managing a large team, you’ll be amazed at the magnitude of your impact.About the Role:The next big goal for Confluent is to make it as easy as possible for anyone to use Confluent’s products, including Kafka, to build their next killer streaming application. We are at the beginning of this journey and are looking for great engineers to come join our world-class team that is passionate about building and running large-scale, multi-tenant distributed systems for customers that expect a very high level of availability.Backend engineers at Confluent work on a set of diverse and complex challenges such as building foundational cloud frameworks and services that power all components of the platform in the Cloud. The services cover domains of billing, security, org hierarchy, marketplace integrations, to name a few, and involve working on various aspects of our multi-cloud and multi-tenant solution at different levels of the backend stack.We’re actively hiring for various backend engineering teams such as Observability, Kafka Connect, Data Governance, Control Plane, Monetization, Client partnerships, Foundations etc.What You Will Do:• Build mission-critical backend services that deliver value to our customers. You will play a crucial role in architecting, designing, developing and operationalizing high performance, scalable, reliable and resilient services• Troubleshoot and debug technical issues inside a deep and complex technical stack that includes microservices, containers, and virtualization• Ensure operational readiness of the services and meet the availability and performance SLA commitments to our customers• A strategic engineer who constantly thinks of process and operational improvementsWhat You Will Bring:• 4+ years industry experience designing, building, and supporting backend systems in production with a solid grasp on good software engineering practices such as code reviews, deep focus on quality, and documentation• Direct experience building systems with online components that serve user request• Strong programming and algorithmic skills. Proficiency in a major programming language, e.g. Java, Go, C / C++, Python, etc.• BS, MS, or PhD in computer science or a related field, or equivalent work experienceCome As You AreAt Confluent, equality is a core tenet of our culture. We are committed to building an inclusive global team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, beliefs, and experiences. The more diverse we are, the richer our community and the broader our impact. Employment decisions are made on the basis of job-related criteria without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, or any other classification protected by applicable law.At Confluent, we are committed to providing competitive pay and benefits that are in line with industry standards. We analyze and carefully consider several factors when determining compensation, including work history, education, professional experience, and location. This position has an annual estimated salary of 117,500 - 132,200 USD, an annual bonus, and a competitive equity package. The actual pay may vary depending on your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Confluent offers a wide range of employee benefits. To learn more about our benefits click HERE.Confluent requires all employees (in office and remote) in the U.S. to be vaccinated for COVID-19. Consistent with federal, state, and local requirements, Confluent will consider requests for reasonable accommodation based on medical conditions/contraindications or sincerely-held religious beliefs where it is able to do so without undue hardship to the company.Click HERE to review our Candidate Privacy Notice which describes how and when Confluent, Inc., and its group companies, collects, uses, and shares certain personal information of California job applicants and prospective employees.#LI-Remote 4+ years industry experience designing, building, and supporting backend systems in production with a solid grasp on good software engineering practices such as code reviews, deep focus on quality, and documentation Direct experience building systems with online components that serve user request Strong programming and algorithmic skills Proficiency in a major programming language, e.g. Java, Go, C / C++, Python, etc BS, MS, or PhD in computer science or a related field, or equivalent work experience Build mission-critical backend services that deliver value to our customers You will play a crucial role in architecting, designing, developing and operationalizing high performance, scalable, reliable and resilient services Troubleshoot and debug technical issues inside a deep and complex technical stack that includes microservices, containers, and virtualization Ensure operational readiness of the services and meet the availability and performance SLA commitments to our customers A strategic engineer who constantly thinks of process and operational improvements This position has an annual estimated salary of 117,500 - 132,200 USD, an annual bonus, and a competitive equity package The actual pay may vary depending on your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location In addition, Confluent offers a wide range of employee benefits 